"x"
"1" "Well, you know those remakes that are basically the same thing as the first movie, only remove all plot, all elements of satire, and dumb down what is left while inserting a healthy dose of politics minus the dark satire that came with the original film?You know, like Ghostbusters 2016, Robocop, Matrix 4, The Force Awakens.... yadda yadda yadda?Well, this is one of those movies. It's one of those movies that you knew was going to suck when you walked in and you only saw it because you are married to a Millennial?Yeah, it's one of those."
"2" "Not any good? There are a few (A FEW) scenes that are a bit (A BIT) thrilling... BUTThe bad: this is a snoozefest, a sleeping pill. NO horror, NO real suspense, only a few (A FEW) bloody knife cut scenes, that's all folks.More bad: the leading actresses in this movie are totally bland and lacking charisma.It didnt help the movie either by reintroducing the old (good) actors, because they look lost in this movie now they are this old.Better watch one of the old editions, because this sequel is quite a bummer."
"3" "Wes Craven's '90s cult horror film \"Scream\" (1996) was a groundbreaking flick that set numerous trends for the future of the horror genre. It was charming, well-acted and coherent, so it was also simply well-written. The first two sequels were good sequels that were fun, managed to keep a lot of the charm of the original and played a game with the endless sequels that were made in that period of horror classics and today have their very peculiar, but quite nice pop cultural value. The last part of the grand master came years later. \"Scream 4\" (2011) was not quite in the jolt of the original, and incidentally designed as such, trilogy, but was still entertaining and the signature of the director was still noticeable and valuable. Seven years after Wes Craven's death, the franchise is now being driven to the wall by insanely arrogant film producers and the woke age along with its concomitants of lack of respect and lack of originality of its own.But from the beginning. The new Scream film claims to be a \"Requel\", as it also certainly does not forget to mention permanently in the film in clumsy reference to the self-irony of the original. A \"Requel\", we are instructed in the film, is a mixture of a sequel and a remake. So far so good, but more on that later.The film actually begins in the classic Scream style and fulfills the one pole of the remake quite alright: an initial murder, which however remains only a murder attempt, the establishment of a circle of friends, (apparent) love for horror films and slasher moments, which now already obviously should not come up short. Then the other pole of a \"Requel\" comes into play: Connections to the previous parts are built up, old characters are introduced and the myth is dug into as if one were a mole. So it comes out that apparently everything revolves around the previously unknown child of Loomis, one of the two killers from the first part. A classic movie flow is unwound, with allusions to the horror movie world, a classic story progression, and even painfully foreseeable plot developments. As I said, so far so good.As a viewer, you realize that while the weakest film in the series is taking place before your very eyes here, you still don't get the impression that this part was actually going to be particularly bad either. But to err is human, and trusting modern Hollywood productions is about as appropriate for one's health as stabbing one's heart with a long kitchen knife. The finale of the film should become the confirmation of this thesis and concomitantly the destruction of the preceding 85 minutes. Here the filmmakers, i.e. Screenwriters, directors and producers, seem to have succumbed to a premonition that their film would fail. But this lack of self-confidence on the part of the uncreative rascals was simply passed off, and such a thing is increasingly easy to do these days, in an age of wokeness, the desire for dead discourse, and the lack of ability for one's own self-criticism. Once again, the fans of the original and its successors were identified as the world devourers of modern cinematic art, i.e. Those who always raised a franchise to the Everest that today's uncreative filmmakers keep trying to blow up.The finale of \"Scream\" (2022) pursues the thesis that those fans are always the branches in the gears of the bicycle ridden by the well-heeled and only ever demanding Hollywood aristocrats of today. Those fans who make up the very largest part of a potential audience, and who so far seem to have only made the mistake of passionately liking a franchise. The \"Scream\" franchise is one such franchise that has been kept alive by such fans, fans who are now portrayed as potentially insane murderers in this new installment. At the same time, they are still too dumb to understand modern movies, such as \"The Babadook\" (2014), and the derivation for this is that they - watch out, cleverness afoot - are into movies like \"Scream\" (1996), i.e. Those stupid and bad horror movies.This is admittedly explained in a - attention - \"Requel\" by just such a luminary of that time. Well, thank you!The whole thing could have been made humorous and more all-encompassing, perhaps in such a way that modern Woke society gets at least a bit of fat in a reflected way - then you could have taken it self-ironic - but one-sided moralizing of people, the basic ideas of democracy, discussion and the freedom of art is no fun. It's only through the finale that small points in the film that you could have simply overlooked before also start to bother you, but in the retrospective, i.e. After the final viewing of the film, this no longer seems possible. The disrespectful treatment of Dewey (David Arquette), for example, the clumsy man-bashing, i.e. The right-around variant of sexism in the 21st century, and a half-dozen other pandering to a Twitter community, which is 90% sure not a dollar for a tickets to see this film are simply too much of a bad thing. In the end, postulating that the film was made \"For Wes\" is probably no longer just questionable after having constantly ridiculed one's craft.Those responsible should be ashamed of this film, but since shame obviously hardly seems to be a thing these days, that's not to be expected either way. Just as little as good counter-arguments from those who refuse to communicate and the modern Lancelots of discourse killers. In such a structure one does not need to mention any names. As is well known, fans of 90s horror wrote them on murder slips anyway and exchange them full of hatred in forums in order to throw branches that break the neck of modern film art into the bicycle spokes. Irony off. But irony also seems to be one of those great things that are almost completely lost these days, so what the heck.Arrogant, stupid and certainly without such \"unfashionable\" values as respect and discourse skills."
"4" "Scream 5 (idiotically titled Scream) when it's a sequel, is honestly a bad slasher and one of the worst of the franchise, a disgrace to the first one, how does it have a 7.2?Scream 5 is one of the most predictable slashers I've ever seen, it follows the basic slasher playbook (which we all expected) and thought it could disguise it with just how meta it is.Honestly, it's one of the least cinematic slashers I've ever seen, almost every character shot is close up, like the film couldn't afford wide angle lenses, I could make a 5 minute short film with my phone and it would be better shot than this piece.Also, we have the worst Ghostface(s) since the one in Scream 3, their motivations were terrible and incredibly unexplained, also, how the actual tarnation did the one girl survive getting shot 3 times and burned on the stove? No one would survive that, she didn't even have anything to put her out with.I haven't even gotten to the terrible acting, the only ones who did a good job were Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox, great as always.It's also extremely sanitized for a requel, I thought it would take some risks, nope, it only kills 1 major character from the franchise, it pulled all the punches and played it safe, which was very disappointing.We've seen this 4 times before, a copy and paste variant of one of the greatest slashers ever, and the ending is one of the most predictable I've ever seen because we all knew what was going to happen?If the killers were good killers they would've killed the girls while they could, their motivations were just like everyone else's.Terrible acting, an extremely formulaic plot line, and a bad filming style make this film one of the worst of the franchise.And I'm gonna give Scream 5, a D+ðŸ‘Ž"
"5" "As an avid Twitter user, it was a tough ordeal avoiding spoilers and the reveal of the killer(s). But now I understand it wasn't worth it. The killer reveal wasn't surprising at all, I actually hated that reveal, it was so clumsy and stupid.This film was more meta than the previous installments, not only they referenced Stab movies, but they also referenced past four Scream entries as in meta terms. The script was good when explaining the rules, meta aspects and the main \"requel\" trope, but when it comes to actual dialogues, it faltered most of the time.I loved Jenna Ortega's performance, she was outstanding. But I didn't liked the rest of the cast's performances, they were boring and annoying.One of the biggest letdowns in horror legacy sequels of this year, after Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2022).I hope Scream 6 will be going to turn over a new leaf to this franchise."
"6" "Of course I have seen the previous \"Scream\" movies way before I sat down to watch the 2022 movie \"Scream\" from writers James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick. But I have to be honest, I haven't been much of a fan of the \"Scream\" franchise, though I have seen the movie on the account of it being horror movies. So I wasn't really harboring much of any expectations to the 2022 movie.And with good cause, because directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett didn't really deliver anything that haven't been seen previously in the numerous \"Scream\" movies. Sure, there were new characters in the storyline, but essentially it was just the same old soup boiled on flavorless bones. So if you have seen the previous movies, you have essentially already seen the 2022 movie \"Scream\" as well. But chances are, that if you are a fan of the franchise, then you certainly will find some greater enjoyment in this 2022 addition to the franchise than I did.The storyline, while it certainly was watchable, just was too mundane and generic. And it was essentially just the same routine done again, but with new faces. Oh, and with some recurring faces too to reprise the 'legacy' characters, as they were called in the movie.For a horror movie, then the 2022 movie \"Scream\" just wasn't outstanding, and it is a movie that quickly will fade from my memory now that I have seen it. But then again, this wasn't a movie that I was particularly looking forward to getting to watch.The acting performances in the movie were good, and that goes for both the new cast and the former \"Scream\" stars returning to reprise their characters. I will say that it was most certainly David Arquette that put on the most memorably performance in this movie.Sure, the 2022 \"Scream\" movie caters to the fans of the franchise. But for us casual viewers that have seen the previous movies or at least have familiarity with the franchise, then this 2022 movie was just sort of mundane. I am sure that if you are new to the franchise, then the 2022 movie \"Scream\" is a good movie.I have to say that, for me personally, then \"Scream\" felt like a fully and wholly unnecessary movie.My rating of \"Scream\" lands on a mediocre five out of ten stars."
"7" "But better than Scream 4, for going exactly where it wanted to. The criticism on the horror genre is clumsy. The kills are not very inventive, and some of it are disappointing and unrealistic. How can you survive so many stab wounds?!... The drama felt a lot like a soap opera. And the shocking death, really got me, until the next scene. The new cast is dull, and if it wasn't for the trilogy characters coming back, you would have no one to really root for. And to be honest, none of them were that worthy. The acting is overall subpar. Even Courteney Cox, who's used to giving better performances, disappointed me. But it has a lot to do with the material given to her. The killer's reveal and motives are lackluster. And the passionate speech about the genre, felt like white noise and too far fetched. I say the original trilogy remains unscathed, because this new movie is NOTHING like it, and from very different backgrounds. Which shows on several aspects of the script and its protagonists. And the way they talk and interact. But it definitely has enough callbacks and reminders of previous sequels, to escape the harshest of criticisms. It tried something different and similar at the same time. And is the only recent horror movie, I really enjoyed watching, since I don't even know how long. As it is free of any agendas or unnecessary politics. But it unfortunately does not have any of the charm and genuineness of the Craven/Williamson's movies... Why are my upvotes disappearing?..."
"8" "Right off the bat I have to say, this is about as perfect of a sequel as I can remember. I had a smile on my face for most of the movie, except the parts where my jaw dropped. High-quality filmmaking all around.They managed to make a fresh new entry in the franchise while somehow keeping the same feel as the originals. Everything feels natural, nothing feels forced. You would think the meta aspect is old by now, but nothing is old if it's done well. It has one of the most meta scenes in movie history, and I loved it. It's funny, awesome and creepy, constantly keeping you at the edge of your seat.I can't believe I'm saying this, but this fifth entry in the franchise is my favorite. I liked them all except for Scream 3, but this feels better in so many ways.The writing is extremely clever, to the point where it feels like they're toying with the audience, and the audience likes it! No more stupid character decisions like the previous sequels. In fact, there are numerous moments where the characters do the smartest thing possible.But what's the biggest improvement? The kills in this movie are all brutal. If there was a Scream kills ranking, this movie would have almost every top spot. It made me so happy (what does that say about me? Lol).I had a blast with this movie. I can't wait to watch it again. Other writers, directors and studios need to study this case and apply it to all future sequel attempts. This is how it's done.Edit: I watched it again before it left Ultrascreen. I had the entire theater to myself :)When it comes to mysteries, you worry that the second time around won't be nearly as good. But I liked it even better. I noticed so many things. All of the brutal kills still made my jaw drop and the big moments still gave me the feels.This movie is so fast-paced. It's almost two hours long but flies by because it's filled with story and kills. I complain about so many movies because not enough happens, there isn't much movie \"substance.\" In this movie, stuff happens. A lot.They did an amazing job with making Ghostface such an intimidating presence. Every time Ghostface is on the screen, the movie gives you the feeling, \"yes, it's time to poop your pants.\" (2 viewings, opening night 1/13/2022, 1/31/2022)"
"9" "This film is a slasher that requires you to turn your brain off. It is silly at times, and the plot is just very unlikely. It may be alright to kill some time with it."
"10" "A lane and unnecessary sequel. There is absolutely nothing here worth mentioning. A generic horror film to say the least. The new characters are generic and nothing to care about. The older characters- the ones we do care about- are barely in it. It's just not of the same caliber as the original trilogy. They should've stopped at part 3."
"11" "Scream 5, more like Scream The Remake, as this is literally, like literally, the Same thing All over Again!And you expect me to ENJOY this Disney Remake? Yea no thank u very much, for I will NOT enjoy this \"horror\" comedy movie."
"12" "So nowadays Hollywood is devoid of ideas, either remakes, new versions or anniversary rehashes seem more common than new films, horrors especially have declined as people seem scared to push the actual limit of what will or won't offend the new weak generation.Scream is a classic, obviously not talking Oscar level etc but it's a classic franchise with a good following and a recognisable legendary mask.This film tries to break the fourth wall like deadpool but if it's possible they're actually in door 74 as it's just cringey self aware nonsense. Explaining why and who and linking it was so lazy, it could've been literally written by a child. It's just not really a new film in the real sense.What's ironic is it isn't clever or witty and it's actually just a bit of a shame, a lot of below par acting, too many cliche acknowledgements to catch out the audience and the same tired super loud sounds to get jump scares rather than doing anything actually scary.The acting was abysmal, the story was a weak re hash trying to appeal to the current stupid generation. The injuries and recovery were inconsistent and ridiculous with who can deal with pain etc.It was really predictable to, it wasn't even a swerve it was like yeah it's obviously you guys, I mean duh!Stop ruining franchises by appealing to a generation who don't appreciate anything and think a hair cut last week was retro. It's weak, disappointing and too self aware to be entertaining.It was slow,dull, predictable, did make a couple of attempts at gory kills but nothing that was creative or dramatic.Do not understand the high score except it was a blast to see ghost face again.Lazy. Pointless. Arrogantly self indulgent, appeals to the social media morons and not true fans. Acknowledging the scream logic to then do it worse is just ridiculous."
"13" "Ghost face once again terrorises Woodsboro, faces old and new.I went in with fairly low expectations, and came out of the cinema feeling thoroughly entertained. It wasn't perfect, but it was a very good installment, it managed to pack a lot in to what by today's standards is a moderate running time (refreshing not to be sat for 2.5 hours!)Let's begin with the two best elements for me, firstly the visuals, this movie looks terrific, some gorgeous shots, those behind the camera did a tremendous jobs. Secondly, the horror element, they managed to surprise you constantly, you didn't know when the next scare was coming, good fun for those that love jump scenes.Nostalgia seems to be the order of the day in films for 2021/2022, and if you're a fan of the first few, there is a lot here to enjoy. They really do pay homage to the first one. A good awareness of where the film sits in the franchise history, and some nice commentary.Slightly more serious than the last few, don't expect the humour from years gone by, there isn't much of it.I'm reminded of the Halloween reboot, it's a quality film, that embraces its past, but offers something new as well.I thoroughly enjoyed it, 8/10.A nice touch regarding Wes."
"14" "The lead character couldn't act even when she was stabbed. The older characters looked bored and in for the paycheck. The high ratings are paid for. That's all I cared to write but I needed to fill in more characters."
"15" "I don't know where the hype is coming from. Its not that i hate the movie or anything, but its just more of the same thing. Its a bloody slasher film, the acting is average, the killings are predictable, and the story is the same. Its a rehash of every other scream movie, its not bad, its just nothing new and frankly that makes it a little on the boring side."
"16" "I was never one of the die-hard fans of the Scream movies, so I got in without too much expectations. This fifth entry in the line of Scream movies is not much good, it's one of those rather tame slasher movies made for a mainstream horror audience. Watchable, to a certain degree."
"17" "I should have known, its so easy to see who the 2 killers are and nothing new on this one.The first movie was pretty good the other ones all failures."
"18" "Anyone who was born before 2000, and grew up with the original cream series would hate this film lacks any horror or any suspense the new characters are crap and not want wee wanted to see oh and to only give gale and Sidney 15 minutes of screen time in a 2 hour movie was a horrible choice also unlike the first 4 screams the killers arent hidden very well and can be guessed fairly quickly plus how does a little girl lift up a 6 foot guy and gut him i just do see it my self oh and whats with this billy loomis had a daughter nonsense he was way to young to have a kid and was killed off in the first scream movie now you could have brought his mother back to have revenge but. Instead you choose something less believable oh and how do you still live after being shot and set on fire it just wont happen like i said only the young people from the 2,000 will find this film good but us who grew up with the other 4 films are pissed that they have given the franchise a bad name also don't get me started on the crappy acting and lousy story oh and whats also missing is hardly anyone gets a phone call from ghostface i will never watch this again i will only read the true fan reviews."
"19" "I found it quite boring donno why? I haven't watched all the movies of scream movie series but I have watched the first and this one. But both feels like similar. Moreover,this one is awfully bad. It's hard to keep the focus on."
"20" "I honestly don't understand all this enthusiasm and I find it ABSURD to say that this is the best after the first one, this is the worst of the saga, it's not terrible, it's really a watchable movie and that's it, the plot is weak, the killer and above all his motivations are ridiculous, this is definitely the worst Ghostface of the saga, in the end the film is saved for the level of violence and a couple of giveaways here and there but the first 4 films of Wes were something else."
"21" "After watching Scream 2022 (Scream 5), I'm confused as to how critics and fans are rating this film a 9 or 10 out of 10. The 1st and 2nd act worked well, the 3rd act ruined it. The conclusion felt random and unearned. Certain intentions made no sense. I also didn't appreciate the writers pretty much asking the viewers to suspend logic while watching. Whoever is placing this entry into the #2 or #3 spot of the franchise is living in La La Land.That said, this movie opens itself up to an interesting 6th sequel if written well. Bring Kevin Williamson back to write the entire script. Bring in some more humor. Surprise me with something original."
"22" "Yet another film that feels as though it needs to tie back to the original and also be something new, creating something that's a bit of a parody, a bit of a remake and a bit of a sequel. It's functional as a slasher movie with plenty of gore, a few jumps and an iconic killer, but it just didn't click for me. The acting was hit and miss, the ending reveal and explanation goes on for too long, and overall, it was a little bit boring,"
"23" "If you're a fan, of anything, especially horror movies this is an attack against you. They take a crap on everything that is not only fandom, but on horror movies in general. They give you the middle finger because you want to see something worth paying your hard earned dollars to see, but they don't care about that. They care about \"The Message\" that is all that is relevant in this movie.The slapped together story makes no sense. None. During this film they attempt to be Meta but comes off as lame and cheep let alone the fact that they're constantly either digging at the original or horror movies in general. They take all the \"tropes\" of the prior movies and try to either mash them or smash them. They try to throw twists that are seen from the start. It's terrible writing and worse yet the survival rate of this horror is nothing of actual horror movies. Most everyone survives, the littlest girls are tougher than most men I know. Meanwhile they just hate on either the prior movies, or hate on you (a fan).The people who made this are straight out attacking you within the dialogue and story. Meanwhile propping up their own \"Message\" ideals while at the same time drawing nothing of sensibilities, or reality. IE: How does someone take a kick to a recently broken leg, and a kick to a stomach that's been stabbed and stay standing? Because she's a tough female and can take it. Meanwhile to say there is no adults minus the original (fanservice characters). They disrespect everything that built this movie to be a franchise, then to dedicate it to Wes Craven was an insult.They seriously insult the fans of Wes, they insult his work, they insult fans in general simply because you love it. Meanwhile they're happy to profit from it. Don't watch this. It's a piss on everything including the audience."
"24" "Overbearingly self-aware, not-so-scary, farcical movie that will blindly capture stupid attention as a remake. Time waster.Screenplay...................................... 0 / 10 Acting............................................... 2 Cinematography................................ 0 Sound................................................. 0 Editing................................................ 0 Score.................................................... 0 Timeless Utility................................... 0 Total.................................................... 2 / 70 ~= 0.2 (1 is the lowest you can give on IMDB) Verdict................................................. Painful."
"25" "I turned it off after 15-20 minutes of watching and do not recommend this movie to watch for the sake of your precious life time.What is \"Scream\" (2022)?It is the same as \"Halloween\" (2018) a reincarnation of the old Horror and Thriller to make money. No hook, no twists in a plot, nothing catchy, but a lot of parallels with \"Scream\" (1996) and of course some original cast.Is it a cash-grab?Sadly and unfortunately but yes.Is it worth watching?It really depends on your taste but the scenario is very poor and contains expected moves from the cast. It is similar to \"Purge\" movies, when it started it was interesting but by the time every new movie is worse, and worse.P. S: With the amount of the remakes, mainstream trendy $#it, and cash grab staff, we most likely should expect a new \"Scary Movie\" ;)"
"26" "We just got back from watching Scream and we were severely disappointed by what was being presented to us. Wes Craven is rolling around in his grave and I don't blame him. The film tries to relive what the original Scream accomplished and fails miserably. It lacks some of the suspense though it has its moments. I wouldn't even call this a horror film. More like suspense with a little comedy sprinkled in there. I'm disgusted by what they've done to the Scream franchise."
"27" "If you love Scream, you will love this.This movie is so self aware and nostalgic to the original, definitely one of my favourites.It lived up to my expectations and delivered a jaw dropping film full of gore and suspense! - with a great addition of humour in the mix too.Although some of the cast members acting was not on par with some of the legacy cast, I still felt it definitely added to the self aware nature.The pace is great and the whodunnit story kept me guessing.This movie definitely upped the gore in comparison to previous additions in the franchise, but I'm not mad. It was done tastefully, and added to the shock factor.If you are not familiar with the previous instalments, I feel you might still enjoy this movie, but definitely not as much ad you would had you watched the original. Scream 2, 3 & 4 do not necessarily need to be viewed to watching this one."
"28" "I really, really, really cannot see the point. All the new and original novels out there just crying out for a film version, but they go with this. It might as well be called the fourth remake. The same story, the same characters, the same snore-fest. The only difference I can see is Sam's comedy eyebrows."
"29" "The Scream franchise is my absolute favorite. I have many wonderful memories tied to these films. I knew this fifth entry would be a sort of love letter to us fans. There were many surprising moments I hadn't expected. It dove into the past with great ease and it played beautifully. I was thrilled to hear Red Right Hand once again! And I enjoyed the twisted connection of the new characters to past characters. However, there are a number of things that didn't work well. The killers, at least one of them, were underwhelming and the motive paper thin. The pacing of the movie was too fast and could have benefited emotionally from taking a breather once in a while, allowing some organic connections between characters. They beat the meta talk to death. In an attempt to shift the narrative to a new generation, the original trio are severely underutilized. Let's be honest THEY are the franchise. Without them, it's just a watered-down ripoff moneygrab. I certainly don't want to see a Scream without them. I'd place it between 3 and 4, while 1 and 2 are the best."
"30" "Just left an advanced screening & I won't say much but if you loved the originals you must watch this! The story, writing, acting & most importantly the detail in the film were top notch! The death scenes look truly fantastic! Get out & see this asap."
"31" "Scream 1 set the benchmark for the horror films of today. And the franchise continued reaching its peak in scream 2. The 3rd and 4th films did not disappoint but they weren't as good as the first 2. Watching scream 5, I can definitely state that Wes craven would be proud and that this film does match up to the first film. However, the entire film builds up a lot of momentum only for the fans to be left disappointed with the ending. Maybe I speak for myself, but the ending is the reason why I gave the score that I have. Nonetheless it's still a thrilling film, and I would recommend people go and watch it."
"32" "The movie is horrible the story is pointless and bad made. Nothing has a meaning. The movie should be made by killing Sydney off and end the crap that would make Wes happy to go with style. Now he is crying in his grave. Its good that i did not go to cinema and watch this horrible mess. Thank you for Rips and fast forward. BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD MOVIE AND WAIST OF MY TIME. I hope that they never make another one becous as long Sydney is alive movie will never be good and its waist of money. I know it it will be bad before they evan made the script."
"33" "This movie is everything they literally mock IN the movie. A bad sequel, lame plot, lame characters and unbelievably dumb concept. It has lots of \"jump\" scares where nothing happens (the usual slamming sound or someone standing behind the door with the loud violin swipe sound as the door is closed and it turns out to be a friend).It's almost too easy to figure out who the killer is, the movie wasn't remotely scary (the original is one of the best slasher movies ever made - you'd think they would have watched it to see how it's done correctly).It has three of the original actors, Neve Campbell has barely aged, it's incredible how good she looks after 26 years. David Arquette looks good too and has aged normally. It's Courtney Cox and the plastic surgery - I will never get it in a million years - she looks like someone with bad plastic surgery. Surely someone in her circle has pointed this out to her. So hard to look at. She seems like another actress who was aging fine and did not need plastic surgery at all but her and Nicole Kidman - why, why, why?A terrible movie yet it has 6.5 stars here. I guess that means they'll do yet another."
"34" "I never learn. I attend a teen slasher movie and expect grown-up entertainment. Instead, I get an implausible plot, inane dialogue, lots of non sequiturs and, save for the adults in the cast, laughable acting.Why do I do this? I thought this one might be a cut above the norm. Speaking of cuts, the picture is awash in blood and cutlery which may satisfy some percentage of the audience. At one point, one actor says to another, you shouldn't be here. The other answers, you shouldn't, either. Make that three of us.**** 4 stars - website no longer prints my star rating."
"35" "It didn't disappoint. Easily the goriest of the franchise, with some truly shocking moments. Not as good as 1 or 2, slightly better than the underrated 4, and comfortably smashes 3. Fans will love it, Philistines wont get most of the references 8/10."
"36" "To pin a quote, this is an awesome \"Re-quel\" that does not hold back at all. A great mix of newbies and legacies and not a damn one of them is safe! The same woke slasher vibe is carried over from its predecessors and is somehow made better. The slasher action, the nostalgia, the jumps, the laughs, the feels... it's all there."
"37" "This bored the life out of me.Stupid plot and terrible ham acting.Wasn't thrilled to see the return of the aged past cast with their tremendously white false teeth. I didn't care when everyone was being killed. It was poor all around.You would have to be pretty dim not to know who the killers are after about 20 minutes in.Rubbish."
"38" "Another \"self aware\" crap that tries to be smart, and fails miserably by replicating everything we have already seen numerous times with pure cinematic boredom. The lead actress was the worst I've seen in years, the other cast was ok, script was pure trash. No reason to see it on theaters, your mobile will be adequate. Actually no reason to see it at all.P.s. Only kiss less than 18 y/o gave this movie above 7 rating. This says it all."
"39" "Ready or Not has some character, a Gothic theme and creativity in the hunting. This movie has none of these, all new cast is as boring as it comes. You didn't care about any of them at all.They didn't even tried with the villains it was exactly the one you would expect. The movie lacked any signature direction, fun premise and smart social commentary. It was like countless remakes you have seen and forgotten instantly it's over.All I can say is to STOP MAKING THESE, Enough is Enough."
"40" "5 minutes into the movie and I realized it is so far the most stupid, boring and awful movie from 2022!!!!It is NOT even worthy to waste my time with more words!!!PS WhereÂ´s a Zero Rating when you need one??"
"41" "I just love the diverse cast of strong females, effeminate men, the fact that everyone is addicted to pharmakeia, and the cliche, lazy story. Besides this being just a cash grab, it's full of social engineering. We have enough of that garbage nowadays. Avoid."
"42" "Not since Scream 3, a Scream film is as funny as this. I mean, of course, the fandom passionately hates Rian Johnson's Stab 8.While the self-referential elements can be overdone sometimes, Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett clearly love and understands the franchise well since we can feel it throughout the entire film.The social commentary might not be as sharp as previous films and the script was sporadically clunky, but Scream is bloody good fun.The new characters were delightful. Still, must admit the film comes livelier when the legacy characters appear on screen, although they tend to be positioned as supporting roles only."
"43" "What a load of tripe! Even though I didn't expect much I was hoping against hope that there might be something fresh to this request. Absolutely rubbish. Regurgitated and pathetic dialogue, poor screenplay, terrible acting (seriously bad), full of cliches, with nothing new to offer. Towards the end I was like get it over with already! Courtney looks aged and tired. Both her and Neve have hardly anything to do. The young 'actors' are ridiculous and sad. Overall a huge pathetic disappointment. They should have left this alone a long time ago. But heck, if it's making money then this won't be the last time I'm sure. Much like all the Halloween and Friday 13th ones. Just goes from bad to worse."
"44" "And it's 2 hours long. 2 hours of watching bland stereotypical characters, taking actions that make no sense, and things happening that make no sense (ie: little girl takes a bunch of stab wounds, manages to hit grown man, and survive the encounter).The original Screams never had the intention of being amazing films, but at least they had a degree of originality. This is just Hollywood of 2022 rehashing films with zero creativity just to somehow get people to watch and pay for this.It's just sad how Hollywood produces maybe 1 or 2 (if lucky) good films per year these days. You actually get more decent things to watch through Netflix."
"45" "Wes Craven must be writhing in his grave. The fifth installment in the \"Scream\" franchise is soft, my passing score for it is due to nostalgia and happiness to see Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox and David Arquette together again and playing their iconic characters. As a fan of \"Scream\" and as a 30-year-old who grew up watching this franchise, I am disappointed with the result. The script is not very original and uses the scenes tributes to the original film and its sequels, as well as other slasher films, becoming repetitive on many occasions. The producers and writers did not learn from the mistakes of other films in the genre: not killing any of the protagonists (\"Halloween: Resurrection\" made it clear that it was an unforgivable mistake). The death scenes are more explicit but fail to lead the viewer to feel concern, the suspense factor is not present. The reappearances of characters from other films in the franchise have their pros and cons: some are welcome and others are unnecessary or stupid. The murderers in this new installment are incipient, totally poorly written and interpreted, they are the worst in the franchise (even Sidney knows it). The film had two directors who could not bring it up, perhaps there was a clash of ideas. The best part was seeing the original \"Scream\" leads together again and Melissa Barrera as the new final girl is refreshing and plays her character well. A bad movie that brings nostalgia, but fails to save itself from being stabbed."
"46" "These sequels are nothing more than money grabs bringing back aging actors to sell Tickets! Horribly written waste of Time! No one in this movie called 911 & the entire town was empty resembling the backdrop of an old movie Lot!"
"47" "The latest installment in the Scream franchise was way too predictable, the plot was overexplained, and it really did not have any horror suspense.Within the first 10-15 minutes of the movie, Ghostface was quickly and easily identified. After that, it was just a matter of time for the \"big reveal\" at the end of the movie. It really took away from any interest in the movie because now as a fan, the ending is already laid out. Now it is just a matter of time to get there and see it happen.The plot was too predictable to the point that it felt like this movie was made for an audience that cannot think for themselves. After the first murder victim, all the friends met at the house to talk about what was happening. Mindy Meeks-Martin;s character, played by Jasmin Savoy Brown literally laid out the entire plot in a monologue. It was like a spoiler was embedded in the movie's content as part of its early on scene. That is poor writing and directing. It bothered me that after that point, everything that was happening had to be thoroughly explained.Scream really lacked any characteristics of a good horror, suspenseful, mystery, thriller movie. What took away from those aspects was the fact that the movie was predictable and overexplained. A viewer does not have to be a Scream movie series expert for this one to be predictable. One thing they kept on mentioning in the movie was this one is a \"requel\" (a reboot mixed with a sequel). It was made in a way where you did not have to watch any of the four previous installments because of all its predictability and overexplaining.Overall, this movie is not theater worthy. It is more so of a let's scroll through Netflix and figure out what to watch."
"48" "Fun slasher continuation which wasn't about thrill/suspense of getting stabbed anymore but more like guessing game itself. Bettinelli-Olpin & Gillett brought meta script and gory kills to the next level. Barrera & Campbell led each gens bravely to fight Ghostface."
"49" "ScreamIt was okay I suppose!Another edition of the same franchise with the formulaic story and predictable jump scare effects.For the fans this movie was great and you got exactly what was on the tin, so on that level it can't be faulted.No really my bag but I liked the humorous bits, this is a weak 6 outta 10 from me, meaning it won't set the world alight and I never want to see it again!"
"50" "Original Scream is an unique, original and amazing 90's slasher. First time I watched it, I was only a teen and instantly became one of my favorite movies of all time. Now on 2022 the new \"requel\" has some good, bad and ugly.First, the good are the old characters performances and the original scenarios. Good to see again the original house.Second, the bad is the usual non original script. I watched all the Scream movies and also the series, and it was so easy to guess who the murderers are.Last, the ugly are all the new cast. Bad acting and uninspiring characters. I didn't root for any of them.So, overall, Scream 2022 is just a decent \"requel\" , but could have been far better with a more risky and twisted storyline."
"51" "It is a well known fact that a movie to be good(horror, drama, comedy, s.f. Etc) must have good acting, convincing acting. This movie? Oh boy! The acting is cheesy, cringy and pathetic! It was just the curiosity to see all the kills and who is the killer/killers and this is the only reason i have watched the whole thing but with a disgusting feeling of every freaking minute of bad acting! One simple example when Sam was attacked on the hospital where she was alone and then 2 minutes later she was so chill like nothing happened, like...she wasn't attacked by a psychotic killer...like she was suddenly safe. For me, the extreme bad cheesy cringy acting ruined this movie! And what the heck it's with all those reviews saying: \"bloody brutal kills\"??! I have seem much more brutality and blood in PG movies! This movie is just garbage. And oh, of course there is a gay couple in it! Why not? 90% of the movies nowadays have. Disgusting."
"52" "I loved what the new directors done have with this Scream! Fun fact one of the girls from Once upon a time in Hollywood stars in the this anyone that figures out the similarities I'd praise. I really like the dialogue throughout it's perfect especially the references to other movies. There's some great humor, grotesque violence I think they up ante on the kills, great cinematography shots, and exciting vibes galore! I loved this quite a bit though I hope others do too."
"53" "Cliched worn out scenes. Awful acting even for a horror flick. I think people need something nostalgic to be good now but this is not it. Hollywood still is broken."
"54" "Took my 21 year old daughter ti see this as we both love this type of movie and she has seen the previous 4. The irony in this is that she wasn't born when the original movie first came round. For me this is a goodbye to the Franchise and is the poorest of the lot I can't say too much as it will give everything away. The older characters are mere Cameos and add nothing to the story ok, they are in it but not that much. Scream 2022 is self referential and self mocking and observant of the youth of today but that's it. The franchise is now wrung dry and for me it's done."
"55" "I absolutely love all of the Scream movies and have watched them over and over again. Was so excited about seeing this one and was majorly disappointed! It was boring, predictable and all over a pile of rubbish! You can tell that Wes Craven was not a part of this film. I gave it one star as it was funny in parts, sad in other parts but I won't be watching it again!"
"56" "The plot is stupid and kiddish what is going on with people who rate this movie 10 ?The only reason i guess is that , it is a reunion but even in that part this title sucks dialouges and connections between characters are nonsense.Just go watch some asian horror and see how it is done .David schwimmer.ðŸ˜‰"
"57" "Right off the bat, I hate the title. It should've been called Scream 5 or 5cream or Scream Again or Screams or Another Scream or Scream! Or Screamer or Screamier or Screamiest. This trend of naming the long-overdue/nostalgia-bait follow-up by its franchise's first film title is a TERRIBLE trend. Yeah, I'm talking about you, Halloween (2018,) Candyman (2021) and The Thing (2011.)That said, I see why they did it. This is the very first Scream movie that 100% didn't feel like a Scream movie. You can truly see and feel the departure of Wes Craven, even with all the references made to him and his movies. Despite this being in direct continuity to the previous 4 movies, this felt like the Casino Royale, Halloween (2007 & 2018) or Superman Returns of the series.Take that for what it's worth to you. Now, it has all the beats of the series, include the usual suspects/stars and what you'd expect from the Meta Horror Film Series. But the way it was shot, scored and edited, it's clear the crew wanted to make their own movie and was forced to include the goods.Speaking of which - I actually didn't like how it was shot. Way too many closeups and very few wide shots. I prefer those, especially on the big screen. I understand a lot of this was to cause tension and hide big reveals. Sadly, the trailer already spoiled most of the surprises. I do my best to never watch trailers. Unfortunately, sometimes they're wrongfully thrown into my face and it ALWAYS spoils the movies, including the very end.A new group of \"kids\" very much linked to the Original movie start getting knocked off one by one and the survivors need help from some familiar faces to resolve the murders.Wow, sounds like I just described the last 3 sequels. And I did.As previously mentioned, this is as Meta as possible. Much like The Matrix Resurrections from last month or Ghostbusters Afterlife the month prior. In fact, they all could be watched back-to-back-to-back for how incredibly similar they are, despite being from three separate genres. You'd be shocked with how restrained all three movies were when it comes to the actors NOT looking directly into the camera as the scripts were written as a conversation with the viewers/fans.I liked it. But, it's definitely my 4th favorite Scream. That said, I think after repeat viewings or Screamathons, it may increase in ranking. I did like how real it felt as the others always felt very fictional. And by \"real,\" I mean comparatively speaking. This is like all the other Screams where extreme coincidences have to happen in order for Ghostface's plans to work, but this felt more like a movie than just a Popcorn Horror Movie. (NO disrespect to the other Scream movies. I really liked how those were shot/felt. And like Superman 1-5 and Man of Steel, I liked both extremely different methods.)I recommend it, especially to fans. I don't normally get choked up with nostalgia as it's so incredibly overused these days. Scream (2022) DID make me cry at one point.You cannot do wrong here and it fits very nicely with 1, 2 and 4. I'm still trying to pretend #3 didn't happen.***Final Thoughts: I guessed the killer immediately in this movie. That's a first for me as I am literally a terrible guesser. I was so proud of myself when I tagged who Ghostface was like 10 minutes into the film.Here's my ranking. Not hard; there are only 5 movies, despite this title:1. Scream (1996)2. Scream 23. Scre4m4. Scream (2022)99. Scream 3."
"58" "The Movie Itself Started off Strong with the Intro and then kind of got Boring and by the End just felt kind of Meh.It's Not A Good Movie In and Of Itself, that being said, it actually could of been much better than it actually is.The Who Done it theme is not smartly done, it's stupid, it's just a bunch of random stuff and then a reveal, it doesn't engage the audience.If You Are a Super Fan of the Franchise, you will probably love this Movie.It Was Just Kind Of Crap To Be Honest."
"59" "No spoilers obviously, but the \"main character\", played by Melissa Barrera, was noticeably weaker than the entire cast.Everyone actually does a good job here but for whatever reason, they picked the weakest actress to be the main character. She gets all of the biggest scenes and just doesnt make it believable.Other than that, the twist was a little predictable but still quite fun. Its a passable Scream movie."
"60" "The first Scream was an anthology and deconstruction of slasher horror genre. The second one was about sequels, the third about trilogies, the fourth about remakes and now the fifth about... requels?? I see no reason why anyone should have made another Scream as long as Wes Craven is dead. The director's magic is clearly missing. The characters, both new and somehow even the old, feel as props and not as actual people. How can you have a horror movie if the viewer cares nothing about the characters and will forget they were in the movie ten seconds after their death scenes?On the technical side, the movie is well made, the camera is top notch. All the staples of a Scream movie are there, with the characteristic self-awareness and poorly disguised fourth wall breaking, so if you liked the previous Screams, you're not going to hate this one for sure. But I really, really hope they retire the franchise after this one.And to agree with the movie's quote, yes I did indeed like Babadook way more."
"61" "And here I thought scream 4 was the worst movie in the franchise. This movie was the horrible thing that has happened to the franchise! Neve and Courteney were the only two people knew how to act while everybody else was not believable and didn't keep me interested. The storyline was boring and felt like the movie was a rush. They should of did a CGI with Skeet Ulrich to make him look younger instead of having a whole different actor who doesn't look like Billy Loomis and can't act. This whole movie was boring, not scary and lame. Enough is enough with these movies! Same thing every movie and it's played out."
"62" "Is how many so-called professional critics got roped into this massively over-written, self-congratulatory, deconstruction of a franchise which itself was already a deconstruction of the horror genre. PA-Leeze!"
"63" "Scream 1996 perfectly hit the nerve of its time. Kids who had grown up secretly trading VHS copies or Nightmare, Friday the 13th and Halloween slasher flicks were young adults and could laugh about the self-referential humor of the original Scream. The immediate sequel Scream 2 further capitalized on this, and the slasher genre was revitalized for a brief moment. \"Normalcy\" was considered the greatest threat in the 90s. Movies like Fight Club, Matrix and others picked up this theme, and within that framework, people killing for notoriety or out of boredom made sense.Then came September 11th, and the movie landscape changed. The world stopped being \"normal\". People actually yearned for normalcy again, and do so today more than ever. The rise of the internet made the media and eventually even movies less culturally relevant, and the ISIS beheading videos and countless real life gore videos made films like Scream seem naive and out of touch.Movies changed. Torture porn replaced the slasher film, after the Passion of Christ, religious horror replaced most of the fantasy Horror like Hellraiser or Nightmare on Elm Street, superhero movies replaced the action and buddy cop movie and comedy as a genre died altogether.Nowadays, nothing but childrens movies, superhero films and horror films even has a chance of making money. The age of the movie star has ended.Oddly enough, Scream 5 / 2022 fails where Matrix Resurrection succeeded. Where the latter commented on Hollywood's empty headed regurgitation of old ideas, the \"sheeple\" mindset of the population, the corporate boardroom style development of intellectual properties, Scream skips all that and presents the idea of killing for notoriety, while somehow trying to tie that to \"toxic fandom\" and kids trying to revitalize their favorite movies. But it's not the 90s anymore. No one kills for notoriety anymore, and no one cares about movies either. The age of people doing dumb stuff to get on TV is over. Now everyone can go on youtube, facebook, twitch, gettr and be as dumb as they like.And what people call \"toxic fandom\" is nothing more than people like Red Letter Media and Critical Drinker doing what Roger Ebert was doing decades ago before the age of the shill: reviewing movies. Studios, directors etc just (understandably) don't like bad reviews, because they cost them money. See the latest Star Wars debacles.But conceptual errors and poor character motivation aside, how does the film hold up as a piece of cinema and as a sequel to Scream?It's a mixed bag. First the good. The pacing is good, and if you pay attention, you know who the killers are within the first 30 minutes. The kills are quite bloody and down to earth. No \"creative\" kills like being ccrushed by a garage door. The victims are stabbed, maimed, have their bones broken or are simply shot. It's no thrills realism. There are very few suspense scenes with jump scares, which may disappoint some viewers. Nothing comes close to the suspenseful intro of the original. Scream 5 is simply not scary, but it doesn't try to be. It tries to focus on the story and characters.Sadly the story isn't great, and the new characters don't really connect, while the plot would have worked without the legacy characters entirely. This is the first film of the series not centered around Neve Campbell's character, who carried the past Scream movies, and has too little to do here. The new girl is not an adequate replacement. It's also surprising to see how good she still looks at 48 years old. She barely looks over 32.Oh and the screaming Manson girl from Once Upon a Time in Hollywood (Mikey Madison) is in this and gets to flail and scream her lungs out again. She could make a career out of doing that, and people will never tire of it.In summary, we have a bloody slasher with less interesting main characters, illogical killer motivations, a lack of suspense and scary scenes and a bloated, anachronistic sense of self importance. But the old characters are treated with respect (unlike Star Wars), the pacing is good, and you won't be too motivated to fast forward. It's a million times better than Halloween Kills, so if you're in the mood to kill 90 minutes... go for it.4/10 as a Scream movie 6/10 as a generic slasher film (not scary and not gory enough to really rank with the greats)"
"64" "I brought a megababe out to this movie. I was excited to show her a wicked cool movie. And it's so bad I became single when the credits started rolling."
"65" "The Ghostface killer returns to Woodsboro to carve up a fresh group of young victims, but can the surviving characters from the first four films help them unmask the killer before the town's population dwindles down to zero?There's not much of a need for this sequel and, for every fresh and interesting sequel, there are five that feel like rehashes of better scenes from the other sequels. At the very least, the film does know what to do with it's legacy characters more than the recent Halloween Kills and Texas Chainsaw Massacre."
"66" "Who's the killer is so obvious and same pattern as before series, no surprise only seeing some old faces are the highlights. I bet 80% audience able to guess who the killer in 1st place."
"67" "\"You know that part in horror movies?\"Multiple times in this new Scream, a character shouts that statement and goes ahead to fulfill the expectation, such as answering the phone only to be confronted by a very bad voice that has wielded a knife or two in his time or going alone into a basement. So goes this successful requel or remake or reboot or sequel, whatever, to the 1996 Wes Craven slasher monument, Scream. Only no Wes this fifth time, and no problem this time.Not only is Scream an enjoyable horror movie on its own, but it also enfolds other slashers like Halloween with a deft touch by directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett and writers James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick. Scream lampoons the slasher genre, with its ready-made tropes, in a way that freshens the genre while still being slavishly derivative.It's a meta-take on the endurance and popularity of films that titillate and horrify while they induce appreciative laughs, just as my buds and I screamed out in delight in an almost empty auditorium (it was matinee and COVID time, after all).Solidifying the connection with past Screams and other relics is the return of immortal players like Neve Campbell as heroine Sidney Prescott, Courtenay Cox as TV anchor Gale Riley, and David Arquette as former-sheriff Dewey Riley. These three veterans show the skills of seasoned actors, by contrast with the much greener slasher fodder like sisters Tara (Jenna Ortega) and Sam (Melissa Barrera). The vets viscerally connect the past to the present.The meta-satire of the genre and mixing time and formula could have been overly complicated but turns out to be a felicitous gathering reminding us of \"elevated\" horror classics like The Babadook.Have fun with family and friends at your local theater. Don't be afraid--Scream (2022) makes you anxiously await the next ingenious requel: \"Would you like to play a game?\""
"68" "First quarter of the movie, I thought my score will be a solid 8. I just loved it. Then around the first half, thought it would be 7, that's for sure. And then... The second half, things started get messy. Around the third act, it became a 5. Third act, I'd say it's 4. Honestly I wasn't expecting the quality would deteriorate so fast while it's getting closer to the finale. So many issues, so many illogical choices and decisions. Probably what I hate the most is stab wounds are like mosquito bites in this universe. What a waste, total cringefest."
"69" "If you're a true/blue fan of the Scream franchise like myself, I'm going to tell you straight up. I'm rating this a 10 in hopes more people see the truth.I don't know if the studio is actually paying for reviews or maybe it's high schoolers truly believing this is a reputable sequel, I'm not quite sure, but I will tell you this... don't be fooled by these A+ reviews. I was looking forward to this new \"Scream\" especially, cause of the great reviews. This is my straight up opinion.. No I don't think \"Wes\" would've been satisfied. The legendary \"Scream\" opening was not all that. Kinda found it boring, as a matter of fact, I found the whole movie kinda \"boring\". Been there done that. This film brought nothing new to the series. Who's the killer? What's the great reveal? I guarantee you really won't be that enthralled. I feel as old as Courtney Cox, and Neve Campbell look. Bringing their characters back for a little nostalgia is alway's fun, but-this time round, kinda felt they were there just there to honor of Wes Craven. I really almost fell asleep at times. Enjoy at your own discretion. I'd love to hop in the \"hot tub time machine\" and head on back to 1996 and see \"Scream\" again for the first time. I guarantee you will too.#1 Scream #2 Scream 4 #3 Scream 2 #4 Scream 2022 #5 Scream 3."
"70" "Mockery of a somewhat watchable scream series.Bad direction.bad acting except for the old ones.Characters never tend to die even after multiple stabbings and several shots...unless the so called director tells them to when he is satisfied ( oh NVM the movie watchers only I as a director am fully in control and clever ...sort of ambience) I think the ones who gave big star ratings to this movie are same the movie director \"I am clever\" and \"I know everything\"....kind of ****"
"71" "The most pointless entry in the franchise yet, Scream (2022) starts off in a new direction and quickly turns sour- doing nothing to uplift the franchises past faults and still relying on so much before it to make it succeed. I think it's a very important thing for me to say I have never been a fan of these movies, and I find myself quite disappointed in that fact. So many people who read this review are going to automatically dislike it because of my low-rating or think some sly comment about me, but believe me when I say I try my best to be open to these movies. Every single film in this franchise I have went into with an open mind, hoping this'll be the one to win me over- and as with this one- that moment never comes. I think I hated this movie, I really did. Its sloppy plotting goes from somewhere to nowhere all at once, and I feel no matter what way they handled it towards the end- no ending could satisfy my frustration. I've never been so mad at a movie I thought I may end up liking, and its infuriating to say the least that I can't find the bit of an enjoyment I had at the films start (10-40 minutes or so in). Maybe it sounds like i'm having a mental breakdown over writing this review, which I guess in someway I am, simply because I don't understand what people find likable about these movies. They mock and make fun of the exact same thing they are impersonating- and that has never been clearer than in this one. People tell me that's the point, but a joke is not an excuse for lazy writing- especially for how long and drawn out said joke may be. In the end, this movie can go to hell, and mediocre end to a franchise I could never find the joy in watching.My Rating: 3/10."
"72" "Completely heartless and (obviously) lacking Wes Craven's touch. This film became everything this franchise was created to parody. Just because you make fun of the stupid things in your movie, it doesn't make those things any less stupid. It follows the plot of Scream 4 and somehow does everything worse while also holding a weird sort of malice for anyone who dares dislike this movie. Wes Craven deserves better."
"73" "This movie is so lame and predictable that it's hard to watch all the way through without rolling your eyes! Just a pathetic attempt to recapture lightning in a bottle by pretending that it's a directed sequel of which it really isn't! Just a rehashed plot with a slight gender reversal. Nothing more, nothing less. F- minus."
"74" "I had no expectations for this at all, had only seen the trailer once. I was highly entertained and satisfied with the continuous self aware meta humour that this franchise has. And the film is written so well the self awareness works perfectly. It still sticks to the same tropes, story, characters and set ups for kills, but slightly changed it so at times we are given something new and unexpected. Obviously the story was the same, but it was still fun in the cinema with the other audience members guessing who was behind the ghostface mask. So many Easter eggs to previous films, and many references to more recent horror films which was great to see. Highly recommend seeing this, long time fans of the franchise should enjoy this. Great theatre experience, make sure you see it with a good crowd!"
"75" "It's very obvious after the first few minutes that whoever made this film didn't get the series, at all. While the Scream movies tick all the boxes for a horror/slasher movie, they are essentially comedies.The tone of this movie is all wrong. The murders are too brutal, it's not funny and it seems forced and unnatural. I would've preferred they left the Big Three, Sidney, Dewey and Gale where they were at the end of the last movie Wes did with them. They shouldn't make any more of these.The Scream series had a great run and it rewrote the book on slasher moves, but that run is over."
"76" "The fifth installment of the Scream franchise is part continuation of the story of Sid Prescott, part commentary on fans who get angry about the unexpected directions that franchises take. I enjoyed it."
"77" "Yet another creatively bankrupt movie vomited out by Hollywood. We have seen it happen a million times at this point, they take a franchise and immediately disrespect older characters in favour of the new cast who have zero positive character traits to the point you start rooting for the bad guys.They have to destroy what came before because the new stuff is simply trash.If you enjoyed the previous films for the campy fun and tension then leave this one well alone because it has neither, they killed both along with the cast."
"78" "How bad and cliche is this movie. I mean literally this town has five cops none of them can do their job and supposedly this town is so empty that people can wander off into a entire Hospital and or town and no one will see or hear anything. Not to mention everybody knows this is a horror movie and completely goes against the own rules that they said. After getting to the end of this movie it is so bad and so cliche and so like the first one I am screaming for this to end and I don't know how it got good reviews."
"79" "Wasn't expecting Shawshank but how some of the decisions got green lit for the movie is truly remarkable. Also, you cannot not call David Arquette \"Doofy\" throughout the movie. Don't disturb me when I'm cleaning my room!"
"80" "I have no idea why people are raving about this. It is far too long. Long stretches go by without anything happening and the \"in the know\" references lack any subtlety at all and are relentless. Even the knives look obviously fake. Nothing new and lacks imagination and originality. Ultimately a pointless movie with nothing fresh to offer."
"81" "Normally I find ratings to low. But now there way to high. Tis is really bad. Why bring this back. Are we not creative enough anymore to come with up something new and original? I don't think I will even finish it. A waste of time."
"82" "After Scary Movie DESTROYED this 1996 rubbish...some people needed money urgently. So the remake with all these sucked out actors returned to screen to bore us to death and makes us angry. Dont waste your time. I did.Better watch some old movies again guys."
"83" "Oh my, what a mess of a movie. Makes no sense. Ghost face gets shot multiple times at one point, yet manages to live with NO effects!!! Inconceivable. Continuity is crazy. One scene its light, the a minute later it's night, then a few mins. Later it's night again. What!!!!! The killers get whacked around yet somehow never get hurt. And a killing at daylight outside a house where anyone can see!!! Crazy. How do the ghost faces get ready and get back to normal so fast. Nuff said about this stinker of a so called movie."
"84" "Why ? Why ? Why? A remake!!!!, when there is not new material to add . Also unbelievable scene ever. As a sample, Who can believe the hospital scene? The power was off, agree, but what about the other patients and crew? And many more. A simple tip: read the script a second time before making the film."
"85" "Obviously...no one was expecting great writing. Nothing has ever come close to the original Scream and it looks like nothing will.Deaths were meaningless/unnecessary. These movies tend to start with a bit of intrigue then fizzles fast. I understand giving a higher review because someone had friends or family work on it.But it doesn't change how sloppy this series has become. No heart. No mystery. Just \"let's cast some noticeable/younger actors so we can keep this franchise going...\" Again, a complete waste of time...killers are easy to identify in their first appearance on camera.Don't bother. NOTHING of value minus the return of the great OG actors from the original."
"86" "The villain have a very long monologue, and the protagonist survives somehow with stupid ex machina. Sounds familiar ?Simply put, it pretty much the same as previous film. Kinda worse actually. They keep talking about how the horror franchise is failing, being all meta. But ironically, they did exactly it on the third act.It's a bore-fest for me. I wouldn't trust the good review4/10."
"87" "If you are new to Scream franchise I recommend you to watch only Scream from 1996 and 1997 year, because they are the best. From part 3, the quality of the franchise is significantly declining, and this latest part is the worst and most predictable. I hope I saved you time, because it is better to watch a good movie twice than a bad movie once."
"88" "Why does it seem like horror franchises just keep going on and on and on, sequel after sequel after sequel? I guess action franchises do the same thing. Ugh, aren't there any original ideas!?! Okay, Streamers, I'm not going to complain anymore because I rushed out to see Scream (2022) in the theater this weekend or as I like to call it \"Scream 5.\" Is it a sequel, a reboot, a re-quel? Let's see whether this re-quel killed.Do you really need to know the plot of Scream (2022)? Have you seen any of the previous 4 Scream movies? It's that. Fine! A new set a teen idiots in Woodsboro are getting killed by a person in a Ghostface mask. Sidney, Gale and Dewey get dragged back into this mess because there is some connection to the murders from the original Scream 25 years ago. Serial killings with sharp knives ensue.The Scream franchise is supposed to be filled with outrageous killings, humor and movie lore. Of course, this movie has to be updated for the current moviegoing audience. Scream (2022) can't retread what was already told to us about scary movies 25 years ago or can it? Nevertheless, the writers have found a new angle to justify the resurgence of a Ghostface killer. It is ridiculous, but what do you really expect from a fifth movie in a series? Unfortunately, very few of the killings are memorable, the humor is lacking or doesn't land (there's one really good LOL moment), and the movie lore aspect is a basically a retread or completely insane - and not in a satisfying way. The tropes that are used to keep the story going are frustrating especially when smart characters like Sidney Prescott and Gale Weathers are brought back. They should know better!On a side note: the new set of teen idiots are terrible. They are just fodder for the killer - walking, talking meat shields that exist just to die. It's a waste of time to put any effort into connecting with them. They're not even funny enough to lament once they're gone. The other sequels introduced better side characters.Scream (2022) was a disappointment. It feels like a cash grab. It has weak commentary on the current state of movies and movie fandom. It has weak new characters that exist just to be killed and are neither funny nor memorable. Everyone in this movie does dumb things that should be eradicated from scary movies, especially these Scream sequels. This movie is just entirely too frustrating to invest time in. When it comes on a streaming service, stream if bored - one popped kernel."
"89" "Really the worst scream movies series ever been made.no logic in killing scene no harmony in story .just dont waste ur time and dont ruin the picture of scream movie series that you remembered."
"90" "In theory this could have been great. What it turns out to be however is just a very average Scream sequel. A major issue is the new final girl: She does not seem believable, and it is hard to connect with her since, in my opinion, she lacks any charisma. On a positive note, it was great to see Sidney, Gale and Dewey again."
"91" "Great to see the older characters back, playing it smart and poking some fun at themselves along the way. The self awareness theme really shines here again, and keeps it fresh for a contemporary audience.Unfortunately this movie does nothing new or remotely original, just repeats the same beats from previous movies, and the killers reveal was somewhat predictable.The new characters were bland and the deaths uninspired, but it's still worth a watch and well above a lot of standard slasher fare."
"92" "98% of this movie might look a bit familiar with the previous ones. That isn't necessarily a bad thing is it that the highschool students are teribble actors who belong in B-movies and quite annoying too. For the sake of nostalgia, it was nice to see a few of the original cast back on the screen again but I tried, I tried hard but I couldn't finish watching the movie with these terrible annoying highschool students."
"93" "It seems nobody can kill a person with a mask. He appears suddenly every where and kill everyon. Spending money for a F.. story iswasting money and time. At the hospital is the worst part you can give rate zero to this movie."
"94" "Someone in the theater fell asleep and snored throughout the whole movie, and I didn't even care. It was that bad.If someone forces you to go see this movie (since you definitely don't wanna see it through your own will), count how many times they say \"stab\" or how many times they curse, or every time a character does or says something stupid. That'll give you something to do."
"95" "This movie is an abomination. A disgrace. An insult. A slap in the face to Wes Craven and each and every fan of the series. It's unbelievably bad. I haven't been this angry walking out of a movie in a long time. It literally feels as if we're watching a Stab movie, not a Scream movie. It's a joke. A farce. The cheapest of imitations. Please just let this dead horse of a franchise die. It is beyond time. Ugh!Just atrocious filth."
"96" "Scream 1 was a perfect movie in my eyes, with the 2nd nearly tied in my opinion. 3 was good, 4 was better. This... I don't even count it.The movie starts virtually the same as the first film, girl alone in the house gets a call on the landline (in 2022?) It persists on being overly meta the whole way through, no one trusts anyone; everything is self-referential, everyone is sarcastic. The characters discuss every slasher movie trope and more, yet, they STILL do the dumbest things I've ever seen. There are plenty of examples of logical gaps, such as characters suspecting 1 person versus 5 others that weren't in the room when the killings took place.Overall, please, I'm not a movie cynic, I came in with the bar set low, but it wasnt even a fun low rate movie. You couldn't even make fun of it. Just leave it at 4 and don't count this one."
"97" "2 hours of people making fun of an \"old film\" and \"old people\". This felt ridiculously insulting to the original 4 movies. Even the third one was miles better than this. The whole purpose of this film is to say how ridiculous the originals were. Feels like a joke at the expense of something that was actually good."
"98" "Yet another STUPID sequel that should have never been made. It insults the viewers intelligence from start to finish and falls into every cliche out there. They could at least have followed up on the previous Scream movie, far better than this one if you ask me, and that's not saying much."
"99" "This movie is in that dead zone where it's too dumb to take seriously but not funny enough to laugh at. It's nearly 2 hours long and includes a lot of explaining. I kept hoping someone would simply call 911 and we could wrap up early. But no. It looks like Courtney Cox got another round of plastic surgery for this movie. Sad emoji."
"100" "This film was utterly pointless, plotless, and more woke - gender bs (all the men die and all the women live). THIS IS NOT SCREAM. Wes would be rolling over in his grave."
"101" "Just awful, how did this movie's script even get green lit. Even for a slasher flick the dialog is horrible, almost like it was written by a 3rd grader. Worst of all this movie insults the audience's intelligence at every turn. Nothing like the original and a very poor tribute to Wes. Don't make my mistake, avoid at all cost!"
"102" "Sorry, but this movie just wasn't great. I appreciate what the filmmakers were hoping to achieve for this once great slasher premise, but it just didn't have the elements needed to make this work. Characters were not likeable and the brief parts given to legacy characters were rushed and empty in contribution to story. Identifying the killers proved easy and not the same as the original where it was a tasty twist to discover who they were. However, watching a movie is a personal experience to the watcher and you may really enjoy it, so watch it yourself to make your own mind up."
"103" "Same headline, same everything, need new stories but I guess Hollywood has none. Stop ripping people off. Are you serious about shooting a scene in a hospital and no one heard the gunshots at least make it look real. STUPID STUPID SAME REPEATED STORY. GLAD I DIDNT PAY TO SEE THIS. ACTING NOT MUCH BETTER EITHER."
"104" "Is it normal to have a single patient in a hospital and nobody else? Maybe if they stopped building hospitals for individual patients then the US could lower healthcare prices.Why is Screamface the most useless killer in slasher movies? Every attempt to fend him off with the weakest force results in him doing a comical back flip. Don't get this amatuer hijinx with Jason or Freddy.So anyway I didn't enjoy it because it was so dumb."
"105" "Why \"regrettably\"? Because I really wanted to love this movie. I do not dislike this movie but it was not a very memorable movie experience. It was a very entertaining one, but with significantly less re-watch-ability than its predecessors. This is coming from someone who knows every shot of every Scream movie and the entire script of each, word-for-word! I did not enter the theater, expecting this one would outdo the original or be 'as good'. At the very least, I was expecting to be shocked, surprised, and dare I say even a little scared? Let me start by mentioning some of the good aspects of this movie before I briefly mention the not-so-good parts. The original trio have returned - a key ingredient for any Scream movie. The entire cast delivered great performances for the most part. The fact that they are back in Woodsboro also helps make it feel like a Scream movie. Tying the new characters' stories to the original was a great decision. There's a lot that Scream (2022) got right, but equally gets wrong as well.The establishing shots in this movie lacked a certain cinematic quality (perhaps a shortage of wide-angle lenses?). We were previously treated to an array of wide angles and beautiful crane shots to give the audience a sense of the environment (location and scale). Before we entered Casey Becker's house in Scream (1996), we are shown the front and back yard with a low hanging, creeping mist. We know the house has a pool and a tire swing and that the house is fairly isolated. These kind of shots are sadly missed here. Instead you may ask yourself \"where am I?\" Showing the audience entries and exits (or lack of) could have added to a sense of dread and suspense. Scream (2022) needed to take a moment to breathe, paint a more complete picture, and allow its audience to absorb some ambience. The third act at the original Scream house felt rushed and each shot was very tightly cropped on the actor's faces. I would have loved to see more of the house in these shots (in the backgrounds) and I feel like the opportunity to do some interesting call-backs to the original set was missed here. This movie thinks it had its audience outsmarted with the 'big reveal', but it truly lacked the element of surprise here - it was more of a \"I knew it\" than a \"I can't believe it\".Marco Beltrami's colourful and beautifully terrifying music cues were sorely missed in this movie. Instead we have to endure a cluster of strings in disarray, bunched up with out-of-place cymbal crashes (from a circus?). The score felt disjointed with no real theme carrying through. Almost as though someone was behind the curtain saying \"okay, now give me sad strings\".I really wanted to like this movie more than I do. Would I recommend watching it? Absolutely, yes! In spite of its shortcomings, Scream (2022) is a fun ride. But if you are expecting to be left even a little scared, you will be disappointed. You might not even exceed your normal resting heart rate.Would I watch it a second time? Yes, I would. A third time? Probably not. And I think that's where this sequel (or \"requel\") is fundamentally different. It is not the type of movie you would eagerly revisit each year around Halloween. The treats it serves are just not good enough to want a third helping."
"106" "By bringing back the legacy characters, the filmmakers deny us the chance to care for any of the new ones. And to further alienate us, they have the kids talking horror in exhaustingly tedious \"meta\" ways. The whole self-conscious meta thing is tired. Imagine the thrills a straight slasher could provide if it wasn't weighed down by all the smug cynicism? Let's stab a fork in this series once and for all. And if they do make another sequel, God help us, leave Gale and Sidney out of it."
"107" "This is the worst acting I have ever seen.Even my kids who are scream nuts hated this.Another Hollywood, quick make anything for a buck.The story line is not great, and unbelievable.I dont think I will watch another scream again, especially if Courtney cox is in it. It seemed someone hit her with the Lemon stick and forgot how to act."
"108" "If you enjoyed scream 1 but did not enjoy the rest of them you most likely will not like this one. The last scream movie that came out got pretty good reviews but I did not care for that one as well and this movie is far worse. Just throwing my opinion out there in case someone wants to know if this movie is a one off."
"109" "The Scream movies have always been meta commentaries on horror and Hollywood, however this newest one feels like the exact kind of retread the series pokes fun at. It tries to be self-aware about how much it's copying from the original, but it just comes across as ridiculous.The OG3 are good to see since the new cast isn't exactly captivating. Dewey in particular is a standout. Ghostface is reliably great with some fun kills, but the reveals are pretty predictable and again, fail to grow beyond the original. The meta-ness works for a while until they just go overboard with it, including the killers' motivation. Scream (5?) has some good aspects, but ultimately doesn't feel like the progressive \"requel\" it tries to be."
"110" "This was good but it lacked that Wes touch and a good story. I guessed who was ghostface in the first 10 minutes. Glad to see Dewey and the old crew back but this was OK to watch but not great."
"111" "Set a decade after the last film in the franchise, this film is a little bit meta, a little bit nostalgic and a lot of fun. Using proven formulas, and franchise favorites, this movie will appeal to both horror movie buffs and a new generations of fans. The blending of legacy characters and a new Woodsboro clique, is a little farfetched however the chemistry amongst the cast overshadows minor plot discrepancies. This movie may make you cry, will make you laugh, and there'll be at least one good jump scare for even the most seasoned of horror viewers. I also appreciated the Easter eggs which are abundant throughout the film. This movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and the viewer shouldn't either. Just sit back, enjoy the ride, and ask yourself \"Do you like scary movies?\""
"112" "Seeing the original characters was awesome but one they started with the virtue signalling and the gay kissing then it was all downhill. They literally complain about toxic fandom in the movie and hit you in the face with their social politics. It really takes you out of the movie. Why cant Hollywood just focus on story and characters. I'm pretty sure the writers these days and extremely sick."
"113" "Here is the spoiler - the cops arrive at the very end! Anything goes in this movie! Even after so much brutality, all the characters get up again and again as if there is no pain! Predictable and Nonsense!"
"114" "I wonder if it will be S6ream next ... and yes I see the title is not written as I have made it ... but come on, you know it's what they meant to do, yes? Maybe the title is a bit more subtle than the movie itself ... and it is between the lines.But let's not get ahead of ourselves, because the movie is woke, self aware, breaking down the fourth wall ... actually breaking down all the walls ... and building up a glass house ... you can look inside from every angle, but they (characters) can look outside too. And that is what they do ... they do talk about pop culture ... they talk about slashers and the horror genre itself.The movie walks quite the thin line ... and yet I would say it does a great job ... it really is able to convey that Scream feeling especially the first one conjured. I think the fourth one wasn't that bad, I think number three in the series was the weak one. But discussing that, would be something that the characters here would relish ... would delve into.Great script all things considering. Introducing a new group of people, re-introducing some of the \"old\" characters and giving everyone some room to breathe and have their own moment or two. Not an easy task to say the least ... yet the movie does an overall good job with it.Then you have the comedy - violence ratio. Something that you may have an issue with. Horror comedy isn't everyones cup of tea. But there is enough blood and death to around ... yes I have seen worse (better?) myself - Saw movies and other stuff. But for the genre this gets involved in, it is more than enough.Not to mention the shocking deaths or should I say unexpected ones ... twists are neatly packed and the whole wokeness and wordplays plus some red herings ... well they all help elevate the movie ... and make it the best scream we had... since the Original (is that a pun?)"
"115" "I'm a huge fan of the originals and if you are too you will really enjoy this. Great acting, great scares and death scenes. A nice fresh story with lots of nostalgia that old and new viewers will appreciate."
"116" "The high score set my expectations high, I went to the cinema expecting a great re-que, but ended up regretting spending my money on the ticket. The movie was a boring sob-fest, Scream is supposed to be a silly horror movie, not some emotional flick.(SPOILERS AHEAD, MORE DETAILED REVIEW)The casting was bad, the main character, Sam, is supposed to be the daughter of Billy Loomis (The killer from the first film), however there is no resemblance to him, Sam's sister Tara looks way more like Billy (Even though she is not related to him). Vince was an unnecessary character, he had like 5 minutes of screen time and then was killed off, what was the reason to have his character in the film? To make us think he's the killer... for only 5 minutes? Nobody sobbed after his death, nobody acknowledged he was dead, so why was he even in the film? I wanted to walk out half-way through the movie, but I kept hoping it would get better. But it never got better. Dewey was killed off way too easily, he survived the other films, I'm guessing his nine lives ran out, or maybe the writers wanted an excuse to include another long and boring sobbing scene.Overall I do not recommend going to see this movie."
"117" "Can't believe this movies scores an 7! This movie is so bad and predictable its more like the new scary movie (lol!) it's that I have to type 150 characters to get this posted. So with this: a warned person counts for 2. What a freaking bad movie... still can't believe the movie has such a high rating."
"118" "Terrible movie that I thought was never going to end. Takes itself way too seriously & is pretty much a rehash of the first Scream movie. The most shocking thing to me was Courteney Cox's face...almost as scary as Madonna's."
"119" "But to be honest it is kind of hard to top the original. Everything else after that is just redone with an effort to try and throw you off. This one was way too easy to figure out who did it. I can't say much more about that without giving it away for anyone who has to seen it yet.The biggest problem I have with this one is that every new character was dislikable. They even had to toss a little wokism into the mix with about a 30 second lesbian scene.Give it a view...As I said it isn't the best or the worst so it is worthy of the time even if it is predictable. Though with this many serial killers you would think they would test the water :)You would think they would have addressed how the killer was shot point blank 3 times and showed no signs of injury later. At the very least they would be sore if they had a bullet proof jacket on when shot which there was no indication they did. And the constant opening a door and then closing it (because that's how monsters pop up right?) was getting old. Then they did a turn around after all those doors and you know in that instance the bad guy was going to be there and tadah... Even with 2 of them it makes you wonder how they got around so fast with absolutely no signs of exertion. It was almost like Michael Meyers where no matter where you run or how fast you run you turn a corner and there he is.And wow, time has not been kind to Courtney Cox. Even with all that makeup on she still looks ancient. She is just one year older than me and I don't think I look anywhere near as rough as her. Perhaps the plastic surgery went poorly. Davis Arquette and Neve Campbell looked older but not like they were rode hard and put away wet like her."
"120" "I can't say I cared about scream for a while but was looking forward to this one.It was okay, was looking forward to Jack Quade and all, what the new cast would bring and ...yeah, no wasn't good hey.I was bored off the bad, called who the killers were. Didn't buy the motives and this movie seems to have come about not from telling an interesting perspective of the franchise but yet another reaction from hollywood to their fans.We're consumers of your product, so why don't you listen when people don't like the product? You're producing movies like this like someone posting vague passive-aggressive posts on facebook. Grow up.DEAL with your issues people. Don't make movies as a reaction to people not liking your movies.I don't know anyone who is talking about this positively or negatively and I can see why. It's almost 2 hours leading up to a climax that literally insults fans.Here we have a situation where I was looking forward to a movie, it wasn't that great, wasn't terrible, but then it just turns around and broadly insults people on behalf of entitles hollywood elites for not liking the trash they put out. In my industry you'd be fired for this, not sure why hollywood gets away with it.You're not entitled to me enjoying your show, it's on you to make something enjoyable."
"121" "A \"requel\" as it may appropriately be called to the iconic 90s slasher film takes old audiences back to Woodsboro (and new audiences there for the first time) for another batch of bloodshed, but to those who've been with the franchise since its inception this is really just old wine in new bottles. Opens as expected, then throws out the inevitable (if occasionally clever) meta references and exposition for true fans, but just doesn't know when to quit; despite the frequent (borderline annoying) self-awareness there's little suspense or scares, unmemorable new characters, plus a thin finale that gives little justification to anything despite the filmmakers attempts to show how well they've done their homework. It may have been wiser to look for an original project instead of retreading a long dormant series...can we move on now? **"
"122" "Scream 5 is a lot of fun! The writing is good with lots of homage to the original movie l just thought the 3rd act was lacking and even though it was good to see the legacy characters they didn't really have much to do. Few annoying things that I won't go Into as they are spoilers but overall it's worth seeing."
"123" "I LOVE the Scream movies. They are my favorite \"horror\" movies. Funny, self-aware/meta, always have so many good actors & the thriller/horror element. This is by far the worst one yet! And the only one I have not liked at all! It's like they just completely remade the first one, but made it for the generation of today and made it WAYYYYY worse than the original. It was like they just decided to completely steal the original movie so they could make money/have the success and following of the original, and they couldn't be bothered to think of an original script of their own. They even had the characters referencing the \"rules of the Stab movies\" rather than \"the rules of surviving a horror movie\", as if somehow Stab came before the first Scream movie/events of Woodsboro. And they were trying to be so meta that they weren't actually meta at all and just completely missed the mark. Terrible, terrible script! Definetly missing Wes Craven! What a let down! I was really looking forward to a new Scream movie. And the fact that they named it Scream rather that Scream 5, was just the bad cherry on top of the sundae of this terrible remake they are classifying in the movie as a \"requel\". Awful!"
"124" "I wasn't into Scream (maybe because the first movie I watched was Scream 3 or 4), but this one is EPIC! Now I'm about to rewatch the Scream original. Great movie and I was entertained!"
"125" "What we have here is a franchise that has become fresh again as it offers up a stylish, brutal, and wicked smart take on the horror genre and the fandom that often dictates its direction. While it doesn't quite live up to the impact of the first, it's a strong film in its own right. It stumbles by the end - these movies always do - but by bringing itself full circle, it stands as the best Scream since the original."
"126" "I haven't seen anything from the Scream series for some time. I remember quite liking the first, and then maybe the second - at least in my younger, sillier years.The original scream was a well-balanced film, with elements of suspense, horror, and dark satirical humor interspliced throughout.This latest revival of Scream was a boring, overblown mess of the script-writers poking fun of horror films and the series itself. Some of the jokes hit their mark, but after the 100th, they fell flat and bordered tedious.The film really didn't offer anything, and was a remake of the first without the suspense, the horror, and yes, even the humor. It's a turgid word-salad of pathetic references to oft-spoken-about clichÃ©s and an endlessly battered homage to \"fandom.\" This movie has been done before. Scream was satirized in Scary Movie many, many years ago, and it was done much better. Here Scream is satirizing Scream, or Scary Movie? I don't know. I don't care.I wasn't scared. I wasn't agape with laughter. I wasn't anything really, except uncomfortably contorted in my seat hoping this train wreck would end before my insides spilled over my lower lip.I wasn't expecting much, and it delivered.A flaming crappola of a movie that should be extinguished via a quick jettison down a toilet bowl... after snatching my money back from its wretched hands."
"127" "When you take into account the lack of originality needed for a reboot or \"requel\" and then add onto that the horrible screenplay, dialogue implausible plot and b list celebrity cast this movie is just an insult to the original and makes me wanna go ghost face on the director and writer."
"128" "A 1 star rating is generous... I am honestly finding it hard to type after watching. You will probably find more movement in Courtney Arquettes face..."
"129" "There are earnestly-made bad sequels that fail to re-create the original's charm. And then there are terrible sequels that should never have been made because they have nothing to offer, but are just looking to make a few quick bucks off of the original's fame. This movie is the latter. It is so bad, it's hard to watch even with the generous use of fast-forward. I don't know how Neve Campbell and the erstwhile Arquettes agreed to be a part of this travesty."
"130" "I have been an ultra fan of the Scream franchise for as long as I can remember, with a particular adoration for the first movie, which is my favourite horror film of all time and one of my favourite films ever.My main issue with this film is that to me, it doesn't feel like a Scream movie. I don't think my feeling this way has anything to do with Wes Craven not being involved because actually it did feel a fair amount like a Wes Craven film, but the combination of the new characters, the storyline and the third act just didn't feel like a Scream film. I appreciate the motive for the Ghostface in the end but it fell a bit flat for me and the film was a bit slow and boring at times. Some of the acting was a bit iffy and there were some elements introduced in this film that I found to be quite cringe and took me out of the stor. All in all, I was disappointed by this film but I think my love for the originals is what ruined it for me. Go in with an open mind and see what you think."
"131" "Uninstall your brain before watching this movie.What I loved the most: -Police doesn't exit, even if the sheriff calls them they do not appear.-Even if people scream or there are shootings you cannot find one person on the streets and also the neighbours are nonexistent -Some characters are from X-men and have the genes of Wolverine.Getting stabbed and lose blood? No problem.Getting shot? No problem.-How to fix your stab and gunshot wounds? A blanket and a hot coffee."
"132" "\"Scream\" hit the spot in a major way. It's filled with some really good scares (along with a bunch of good fake ones). The script, cast and look of the movie are all top-notch. I enjoyed \"Scream\" every step of the way."
"133" "Honestly the scariest thing in this movie was the amount of work Courtney Cox has done to her face. The movie itself was not scary at all and we had to wait nearly two hours to find out the ridiculous reason for all the killings. When I seen it had good reviews and ratings I thought we were in for a change from the previous movie instalments but this was bad, not scary and very boring.?"
"134" "It's like woke culture wrote this film, and fanboys directed it. Boring characters, cliche plot, and dull story with unnecessary kills. Pro - some excruciating kills."
"135" "Unwatchable the plot didn't make any sense at all. Whoever wrote this should quit their job immediately. Why did they disrespect Wes by the dedicating this to him."
"136" "My interest in this movie, stemmed largely from the new set of characters who have been part of some of my favourite projects in last 5-6 years.But unfortunately this movie turned out to be entirely predictable and lacked any sort of story or thrills.Yeah, you knew people are gonna die and you just watch till the end to find out who it is.Even the guys who made it kinda of made it quite clear in the movie that it is all about how it was done in the original and it just copy pasted the movie with new faces with old ideas."
"137" "I wasn't thrilled the first time seeing the new Scream. I am a huge fan of the franchise and watch them regularly. So I wanted to give it a second chance and saw again today. Unlike the other Screams that I can watch repeatedly and still be invested, this one is just flat. The new characters (not including Tara - she's great!) are underdeveloped so I was indifferent when they were killed or attacked. It also lost its comedic edge and the dialogue often came across as scripted and unnatural. Also, Sams acting was horrible. There is a scene where she runs out screaming about ghost face trying to kill her and it seriously came across as a parody - it sounded like she was stifling a laugh instead of crying.I will praise the opening tho - it was intense and I loved it. Tara really saved this movie. Her acting was so believable. Each scene with her pulled me in and probably the only time I actually cared about what was going on."
"138" "I wanted the title to be worst movie ever, but I feel like movies are getting worse and worse by the day. There is a reason that people don't go to the theaters anymore. It makes me sad because Scream is my favorite horror movie and I really enjoyed 2 and 3. I don't understand how people are writing positive reviews about this trash. It's literally rated better than the original, but I was the closest I ever was from walking out of the theater even though I never have done so because I'm not throwing away money. Literally, this movie makes me want to not go to the movies ever again. The casting is terrible and doesn't even make sense. The dialogue is idiotic and literally the ending is a bunch of monologues that I was begging for to end. The motive for the killers was even more stupid. It was literally nonsensical.Even the little things in the movie were bad. The prop house at the end looks more fake than the house in the original Scream in the 90s. The characters were so cringeworthy, but not in a funny way, in a please stop speaking way. The characters were written terribly and acted out even worse especially the new ones. Please save your hard earned money and do not waste your life on this garbage. This movie was even worse than Halloween Kills which was an abomination."
"139" "Everything can look better in a movie theater, specially if you watch it with your with friends. This enthusiastic vibe can affect your perception of the movie, of any movie by the way, it has happened to myself.But watching it without the excitement of seeing Sidney Prescott again, by the way, she's barely in this movie, you'll realize how bad it is.Sidney Prescott is the soul of Scream, the first final girl to have a proper character arch, to make us really root for her. Scream is a movie about the shadow of the tragedy of her mother's death upon her daughter's life. So the previous entries were very smart to understand: it has to be about Sidney.If the plot is not about her, you're not watching a Scream movie at all.All the legacy characters are there just to be there. If you take them out of this movie it doesn't make any difference.The new ones are BORING, SHALLOW and more STUPID than any slasher character I've ever seen.The leading girls: who cares!?So... what's the point after all? If it's not to make a good movie after all these years, it's time to realize it would be better stop screaming."
"140" "You weren't able to really form a bond with any character in the new movie,the killers were so predictable and was incredibly easy tell what was coming. They linked them with relations to the original characters but unfortunately a lot of that didn't at all link up with the timeline thats already been created. I had such high hopes but it just felt like such a letdown. They also referenced reddit and 4chan and didnt give really any new character besides tara and sam and emotions and complexities that came with the original movie. There attempt to have skeet Ulrich stay young might've been the funniest part of the movie,it just looked incredibly unnatural. The killers motive was incredibly disappointing,there was no personal connection."
"141" "Of course it has to have a gay character. No film or TV show is complete these days without a representation of LGBTQRSTUV? This films tries desperately to capture the feel of the 1st movie but without a decent script, some originality and a decent director, this is what you get. Just like everything in this woke culture we live in they get it very very wrong. The biggest slap in the face is at the end when it says \"For Wes\"."
"142" "The movie is super underwhelming, and that's because they tried superhard to make it modern and grounded in our world like the original. But this came off as bland and unbalanced. They mention Halloween 2018 way too much and the thing is, that film was made 3 years ago and the sequel was released this year, so it's obvious where they get their ideas and creativity from. While the Original Scream(1996) and Halloween (1978) are 18 years apart...So why keep bringing up Michael Myers, Hereditary, and stuff from 2015 Instead of some horror films from 2003? Because original slashers died after Scream 3 and around 2003. As quick as Scream (1996) revitalized slashers, it also died just as quick. The 3 main characters from the 1996 film Dewey, Gale, and Sydney were a security blanket to keep me watching. At some points i felt like i was watching \"Freaky\" or some Blumhouse \"Fearstreet\" mess. Wes Craven is gone and the only sign of him in this film is a character named after him. I think The producers knew this film was predictable. Don't think too hard. It's like Simon says or eeny meeny miny mo when it comes to picking the killer...Overall, a solid Scream film. A very huge positive is I think everyone will enjoy their second viewing much more. Watch it twice!"
"143" "Die hard scream fan (watched the first movie when I was 11 years old) After all the hype I gotta say I'm left feeling underwhelmed with the new movie. Sort of like when u look forward to Christmas but it's not the same as when you were a kid. Too many characters and not enough about build up meaning I didn't actually care when they died. Most of them didn't need to be there in my opinion. Kills are brutal but no suspense and lacked creativity. The group started talking about the \"rules\" so early in the movie it really didn't make sense, Melissa Barrera's acting was really cheesy and unrealistic and the motives of the killers were forgettable and feel like it just wasn't enough to be believable. Just my opinion sorry to those that love it but I'm not feeling nostalgic. Think they need to leave it alone now ðŸ˜¢"
"144" "Another film hoping to cash in on a franchise, boring. Bad characters, even when the originals came in it wasn't interesting. So bad i didn't watch the end, i had no interest in finding out who the killer (killers) are, were."
"145" "The meta-story where the actors are self aware about the previous films was cringe inducing. It was truly too much and horrible to watch. The acting was awful from nearly all of the new cast. Some great gore wasn't enough to cover for this horrific (in all the wrong ways) film."
"146" "Don't get why this film has so many high reviews. It's predictable, badly acted, badly written and tries to get by solely on references to the earlier movies. Another pointless sequel."
"147" "To be fair and honest this movie wasn't anything new we haven't seen before and it felt as if this movie was simply made based off nostalgia. The ending was major let down and will have you feeling \"that's it? That's serious the entire basis of this movie?\" Was not worth paying the extra money to see and should have waited to rent or watch on tv."
"148" "How are these reviews so good? It was so bad my boyfriend fell asleep 20 minutes in and it adds nothing new. The legacy characters don't come in until halfway through and on top of that it's trying to be woke and too self aware which is just dumb."
"149" "This movie is more cringe and worse than all the other Scream movies combined. They really should've stopped after the first one. A boring not scary remake with some random cast. The original characters served absolutely no purpose. Sooooo many plot holes and unrealistic situations that I just couldn't ignore. This franchise was always ripping off other horror movies, now it's ripping off itself. No shame. Don't waste your time on this."
"150" "So the original movie was a new cleaver spin on the classical slasher formula, using meta commentary to add a new dimension to tropes of the genre.Not only that, Scream(the original) manages to be a very suspenseful and scary slasher film in addition to being a commentary on the tropes of the genre.This latest outing isn't just a bad Scream movie, it fails as a horror movie. There is pretty much no suspense. The killer just shows up and chases the victims without any build up or tension.The meta commentary is there but the film makers fail to understand how it fits in to the narrative of a scream movie.The characters in this film talk about the rules of a slasher but none of them follow them at all. At times failing to call the police while being chased by ghost face while holding a perfectly working cell phone. The sheriff doesn't even call for backup while rushing to save a family member when she is totally unarmed.Even the survivors from the original movie act like they have more than a death wish.Also the motive for the killer/killers is just ridicules, and I guess that is somewhat a mainstay of the series but damn do they go all out on the crazy in this one.All in all I don't recommend seeing this. It is boring, dumb and uninspired."
"151" "They didn't even have the stones to call it Scream 5! Wow, it is terrible. Nothing was overly suspenseful. It is difficult to create something based on using telephones during this day and age. Caller ID is available everywhere, people only seem to text and have a phobia of calling. The franchise doesn't have the legs to last. Technology has put the modern day horror out of existence. How many times can you have the small town gets plagued by a killer? How Sway? It's a small town, yet no know notices anything? You can track your purchases, and when they are delivered yet no one is tracking the purchases of 'The Ghost Face Mask'? It is a 4/10 It is the worst movie in the franchise, and no wonder, Wes Craven had nothing to do with it. The character development is lacking. I felt no connection to any of the major players. There are no standouts, and they still had to rely on Sidney, Gail, and Dewey!"
"152" "Absolutely terrible, luckily this made it hilarious too so I actually stayed in the cinema. It is just utterly ridiculous and I genuinely can't understand how so many people are saying it's fantastic."
"153" "I really hope so , because all the alternative ideas to make further sequels are used, and the consept is worn out. Its a film that swungs from dead meat mediocre dialouges and scout meetings how to deal before being dealt with...the process of dealing though is rather raw, the killings are more graphic than ever, and will hit the mind of some real life copycats out there. I hope that wont happen but be free to elaborate it yourself. The number of stabs per victim is exhaggerated and smitten by true life crimes in the making...the cast of the past and present in the scream anthology doesnt impress, appart from the ''screams'' they do not deliver an act of rememberance, at least not for the grumpy old man...so silly sequels that is so generic to the genre in every way doesnt deserve much more than this review.the filmatographic methods are well used in the past, and the sound production is made to terrorize, both me and the remote control turning up and down between thundering action parts and whispering dialouges...so lets all silence the scream, weve had enough now, just a small recommend, especially some of the bloody special effects."
"154" "Hollywood lacks new ideas. The real fans of old franchises see only reboots/sequels/prequels with Marie Sue in the lead character position. And this makes the fandom pissed.This is the approximate summary of modern Hollywood made not by me but by a she-twin character from the new version of \"Scream\". And this is kind of a \"self-irony\". Unfortunately it doesn't work & let me explain why.The film starts the same way as all previous movies - a lonely girl home alone gets a phone call from a stranger. They chat a little, he scares her and tries to kill. Unfortunately, the victim survives so we have to \"enjoy\" her acting (apologize for using this word) for the whole film. Remember the 1st movie and its opening scene with Drew Barrymore full of suspense and tension? Forget it. We have a pretty lame, dull & not interesting opening scene with anti-charismatic character that ends in 5min. A small teenage girl with ~45 kg weight could successfully resist the attacker 1-to-1, yeah right.BTW main characters - who are they? 25y ago we knew they were high school students with different characters and social status. What now? She-twin is a lesbian. Thanks for the update. Does it describe her character or life views in some way? - No. Does this fact influence the plot? - No. So, what's the point to bring it here? Once you finish the film, ask yourself - do you remember any of the \"zoomer\" characters? Not Sydney, Dewey or Gale, but the \"fresh blood\"? No. I bet those who have seen the original still recall Matthew Lillard's mimic, Courtney Cox's determination to be \"reporter #1\" and David Arquette's pseudo-adult moustache.The plot... There is no any. Whole movie is just a set or random scenes with new characters whom you'll forget after the credits and some old ones. Their presence is simply a \"parasiting\" move towards the fans of the original film & all those who are tired of endless sequels/prequels/reboots (underscore the correct option). Those scenes contain murders & stupid actions without consequences and without any logical sense. For e.g. A small provincial town has a huge hospital and based on the story (at least how I understood) not the only one. In this very hospital on the floor with ICU or similar chambers there is - I don't know - ONE medical personel on the whole floor. And when electricity goes down on the WHOLE FLOOR - no one cares. No alarm, no reserve power source, no medical personel rushing to check the patients - n o t h i n g.In \"Scream\" 1996 the whole town was locked down by the police to prevent further murders. And it was back in the 90s when cell phone was some luxury. Nowadays with all those street surveillance cameras, cell phones, domestic CCTVs and all other technical wonders the murderer is not being tracked. Or at least checked through DNA database. Despite the fact this town suffers such tragedy not for the 1st time. Even after the very first victim the inhabitants should be in \"high alert\" state. Under this circumstance the film would have ended after 20-30 min.I'm really surprised to see such high rating. Of course, those high marks were put by millennials and tiktok generation who were raised on marvel conveyor and have no idea how true film looks liek. At least 30-40% of film timing is a Ctrl+C - Ctrl+V of the original film. Oh c'mon, some scenes are shot 1-to-1 without any difference. I have had several \"Matrix resurrects\" flashbacks at the cinema. This is the remake nobody asked for. (Sorry, not remake but \"requel\".)A resume: 2/10. 1 star is the minimum available score here (I didn't liek this product so I can use whatever score I like); + 1 for bringing back characters from the whole franchise with a poor attempt to connect four previous films together with this one; +1 star for bringing back 'ghostface' (the costume itself is very good and indeed became iconic) and -1 star for not covering one of the marginal groups. Yes, that's right. I'm of a Slavic nationality and none of my brothers or sisters were present in this movie. At least some drunk Ivan as the hobo in the street would be enough and politically correct."
"155" "This movie was rubbish and the killer reveal was ridiculous. Watch paint dry instead. Please please please leave this series alone in the past where it was good."
"156" "Can't believe they've had all this time to make 1 decent movie since the original and still they couldn't. Made no sense from start to finish. Don't bother with it. You're missing nothing."
"157" "Lame remake with so many pointless scenes it's down right laughable. Just stop already with these horror film redux's! Someone please write an original script!"
"158" "After filing a class 19 document to the NC tripple A , john cycle finally makes it the case that (by law) a small body of water will be installed in the center of every baseball field. Coincidentally, that's when a mysterious hand hires gods daughter (played by Nadia cross) to film the human hand doing everyday activities (like blocking eyesight). Thats probably my favorite part of the film, when Nadia gets that call, it wakes her up and she throws a knife through the skylight of a pitch back room. But still, there's that part where john cycle is smoking a cigar at 3am and high fives the mural of the pope that is somewhere along the New York river. Basically the film's a romance because both john and Nadia get led around in their floorbound red cesna planes blindfolded (1980)."
"159" "Haven't watch scream since the third one maybe? So i don't know any characters connections or easter eggs in this movie, if there is one. The story is hella dumb and 'sad', it's like listening to one of those overly insecure kid's story that keep making fun of themselves so the cool kids would accept them. Bottom line it's just another basic scream franchise."
"160" "This film lacks any intensity that a good horror slasher flick needs. The premise is mediocre at best and the acting isn't convincing in the slightest."
"161" "The usual great opening , like all Scream movies. Then ..... bunch of nobody , no talent \"actors\" going through the motions. An annoying character from all the previous series , who I could not stand .... finally gone!Gets boring in this franchise series here with characters talking every few minutes about sequels and how this movie should take notice of past sequel plots. Blah Blah. Gets SO SO boring. Yawn.Too many dreary nothing young actors. By the end with the pathetic script and wooden acting by absolutely everyone , just could not be bothered.For me personally , the non stop talking about movie plots like this , sequels ..... blah blah blah , I just stopped watching and walked out before it ended."
"162" "No matter how much of the dialogue and former actors from the original is made fun of, the remake trope-joke angle doesn't make this any more original. It's Stab the Original Requel (their spelling not mine). I mean it's Scream with more wrinkled past-cast, and less interesting youthful actors; acting moreso, am sure they were capable of much better. It's trash.Just watch classic films moviegoers, they're called classics for a reason."
"163" "This movie was Terrible Awful did the film critics see the same movie as I did some even said it was better than the OG original lol its not even close to the original the 4th one is a masterpiece compared to this just Stop making this movies already."
"164" "Scream 5 has strengths and shortcomings. The franchise's meta quality helps because Scream 5 pokes fun at itself. It acknowledges the bind of sequels, which gives it motivation and a level of forgiveness. Plus, its actual plot is decent. It's a retread, but moves with purpose and contains surprises. Still, Scream 5 isn't a homerun because it falls into plenty of the slasher pitfalls (even if it acknowledges some). Supporting characters are pointless fodder, legacy characters are clunky, dialogue is corny, and plot elements are contrived. The self-awareness is enjoyable but doesn't transform a basic slasher into something exceptional.Meanwhile, the technicals of Scream 5 are average. The cinematography occasionally utilizes shadows and camera movement, but is mostly standard. Similarly, the sound is crafty only once or twice. The production design is generic, and the editing is never elevated. The special effects heighten a neck stabbing, but other kills are underwhelming. Lastly, the music is mostly forgettable. The cast boosts what they are given, but even that's spotty at times. Ultimately, Scream 5 has acceptable filmmaking and a solid mission, but fails to go above and beyond. Therefore, it will likely satisfy fans of the genre but leave others indifferent.Writing: 6/10 Direction: 6/10 Cinematography: 7/10 Acting: 7/10 Editing: 6/10 Sound: 7/10 Score/Soundtrack: 5/10 Production Design: 6/10 Casting: 7/10 Effects: 7/10Overall Score: 6.4/10."
"165" "Scream (5) is the rare sequel that oozes with sincerity. Radio Silence was a good choice to direct; their unique, over-the-top approach to horror amplifies both tension and comedy, at just the right times.The screenplay is, I believe, the second best in the franchise, next to the first. It both meets and defies expectations in just the right amounts, and this makes for a viewing experience that never becomes predictable or tired.The series' veteran actors could have just phoned it in, but it really does seem like everyone here cared about this project. Performances across the board are terrific, and they're helped by the fact that there is some character drama injected into this story that lands much better than it did in the previous sequels.In a time when most sequels are OK at best, this was a thoroughly pleasant surprise. Just enough familiarity and just enough change."
"166" "This was a struggle.. Soooo many stupid decisions equals lazy/stupid writing. One of the most cringeworthy movie I've watched for a long time.Hollywood should really start doing some iq-tests on the people who goes through the script.Luckily I had newspapers that I could read while watching this bile."
"167" "Amazing. When I heard the duo directors who made the hit horror \"ready or not\" was taking over scream 5 I was a bit on the fence especially when I found out it won't be called scream 5... but the payoff and direction this went in was amazingly written. It has you on the edge of your seat and once you think you know who the killer is the movie pulls the rug right from under you. It's a very sharp written film and the call backs and references were amazing. Very enjoyable slasher flick with social commentary that was used greatly. Some things happen that are questionable like \"where the hell are the cops\" or \"why not call the cops?\" Or \"why are you a sheriff and have no gun on you?\" And some things happen to golden age characters that I won't spoil but just wish it was executed a bit better. Overall it's a very great accomplishment and lives up to Wes Cravens name... next we need a proper Freddy Krueger film to truly honor the Craven legacy..."
"168" "This movie is awful. Aggressively, unabashedly awful. It's like a couple of Freshman theater majors with a high-dolllar camera filmed their semester project and it was somehow picked up by Paramount. I turned it halfway through after reaching my breaking point. DO NOT WATCH!!"
"169" "My guess is the positive reviews come from people who weren't even born yet when the first Scream movie hit the theaters in '96. That movie was exciting, it was a new kind of horror, it had suspense and plot twists, creepy vibe, Wes Craven at its best. The 1st sequel was mediocre but doable, the 3rd not so much, the 4th had inventive kills. And then we have this installment which got me thinking : WHY ? Why make this movie ? The return of Courtney & Neve is forgettable, their screen time is minimal and they add nothing to this movie. The kills are completely uninspired, the killer is indestructible and the reason for all the killing is the biggest fail of all and believe me this movie has lots of epic fails. Example : when a sheriff calls for immediate backup at her own house, how long will it take for patrol cars - remember it's a small town - to arrive ? 2 minutes ? HAHA think again, in this movie it takes forever, more than enough time for lots of bad things to happen. The cast : Billy Loomis returns but rejuvenated with CGI, it was horrible. Suffice to say you don't give a damn about the cast (except for Dewey), also there is a Freddie Prinze Jr lookalike, whats up with that ? The remainder of the cast is woke all inclusive tri gender etc, you don't care, they are not very likeable. Skip this one and while you're at it : skip the new Texas Chainsaw Massacre too."
"170" "Spoiler free of course. I loved this movie! It has some big surprises! The acting is top notch. The whodunit aspect is better than it has been in awhile. Our legacy actors are amazing and when the casts get intermixed that's when it gets really good! I loved it so much and I can't wait to watch it 1,000 more times!"
"171" "Scream (2022) is the best Scream movie we have gotten since the original, any bad reviews or comments from people you suspect aren't being fair and are people just being a$$holes.It might not win an Oscar any time soon (but how many horror movies do) but it is a really fun movie, it honours Wes Craven like the new directors said they would.The new cast are amazing and the OG 3 are back with a bang!Do any of y'all think Neve Campbell would dishonour Wes and come back for a movie that weren't going to be any good?"
"172" "Has many of the right ingredients, but other than amping up the gore from previous releases, is missing some \"spice\" to make it unique. A few good performances (Ortega is a standout & Arquette's the MVP), but the characters are thin. #nitrosMovieChallenge."
"173" "Scream (2022) is a movie I watched in theatres last week. The storyline follows a series of attacks and killings starting in Woodsboro again by Ghostface. The older sister of the latest victim who has family ties to the first film returns home for the first time in a decade and recruits the help of Dewey to figure out what's going on. Dewey tries to keep Sidney and Gale away but there's no way they're going to leave their friend to face Ghostface by himself. Can the sister and original cast save Woodsboro again?This movie is codirected by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett, who worked together on Ready or Not, and stars Neve Campbell (Wild Things), Courteney Cox (Friends), David Arquette (Never Been Kissed), Melissa Barrera (In the Heights) and Dylan Minnette (Don't Breath).The soundtrack and background music in this is excellent. The storyline is just okay and felt like an excuse to pull the old and new cast together, but the kill scenes were outstanding and definitely worthwhile. I really loved the intensity of the circumstances and how brutal many of the kills were delivered. There's some good Easter Eggs for other horror movies sprinkled in here (Nightmare on Elm Street, etc) like usual in the Scream franchise. There's also some fun comedy mixed in too, always some great zingers and sarcasm from Dewey. The final few scenes are okay and the \"twist\" you could see coming...unfortunately.This is definitely worth viewing, even if just for some great kill scenes. Overall this movie is pretty average but still fun and entertaining. I'd score this a 5.5-6/10."
"174" "Going into this I kept thinking to myself \"Does the world need another scream flick?\" and as I watched it, I realized the world at least asked for one.We literally live in a universe that Scream helped create. At one-point movies like this needed geeks like Randy Meeks from Scream and Scream 2 to explain the rules of a horror move, but now days, 25 years later, who does not know the rules Meeks laid out.Scream 5 exist because even snice the fourth movie the horror movie genre has flip the script (with number 5 even given a shout out to Jordan Peele's entry to the flipped script). Someone could have just did a podcast or a Youtube video about it but someone decided another horror flick geeking out on horror flicks would be the best way and what franchise does that better than Scream?Scream 5's main purpose was to tell a new generation who started this game. A notion that would have been a grander jester if the late great master of horror, Wes Craven was at least still around to see it, but without him, it only feels like the cash cow it is.I don't care who did it anymore, and the movie feels like who made it don't care who did it anymore. All we care about is watching people get violently stabbed to death while humorously trying not to fall into every horror clichÃ© in the book, and that is what number 5 did well and makes it so entertaining.Scream is not unique anymore and it knows that, so it does not really try. Instead Scream 5 made fun of it, which at most was a cool move.It is funny that the movie mentions Star Wars The Force Awakens as an example for a requeal (would not be surprise episode 7 coin the term kinda like episode one coined the term prequel). Scream 5 seems like Horror's example of the term, even doing certain things that full on mimic what the Force Awakens did, but Scream did the requel better because they did not take themselves seriously."
"175" "Why was this CRAP even made???? There was no point nor need for this mess!!!! The positive reviews are either fake or the people were paid to make those positive reviews because this movie SUCKED!!!! It made me SCREAM angrily for wasting time watching this wannabe movie slasher!!!! The acting was horrendous as well!!!!"
"176" "Very disappointing because it was way too predictable. I guessed the killer in the first 30 minutes. The quality of acting also left much to be desired."
"177" "...It's not even good.I'm speechless, what was that? It's just a big mess and nothing made sense at the end. And who had the idea to create a movie called stab around a movie in a movie with real things happening in a movie.And Botox Courteney...no facial expressions as an Actress.Scream 5 wasn't creepy or shocking, the jokes weren't funny, the acting was kinda uninspired like the whole story.This Movie is a big fail and disappointing."
"178" "Brutal acting. Couldn't get past the first scene. Talk about calling up a bunch of washed up actors to support a bunch of no name actors for a money grab. 7 million thumbs down."
"179" "This film attempts to justify itself post-hoc. The acting is god-awful, the film is rushed, and the choice of who ended up being the killers was pointless and underdeveloped.It was so disappointing, since I am a huge fan of the earlier movies."
"180" "Some good highlights led by a decent new forefront cast. Humour is more stronger than the horror element. I enjoyed the movie but it really was just another disc to franchise."
"181" "This film was getting so much good attention so when i was gunna watch it i was excited after hearing it was as good as the first one and better but i was disappointed. The kills were the most gory out of the franchise and well done some of the kills were stupid. This film was too meta it was too self aware it was like they would just bring up big horror names for the sake of it. This film isn't as good as people say it is."
"182" "I usually enjoy this kind of movies, I never expect a masterpiece or anything like that. The only thing that absolutely ruined the movie for me was the \"actress\" that played Sam, she was awful, just bad acting."
"183" "This is such a waste of time.. not good at all. Bad acting. Bad script. Just bad. How the characters died, just plain wtf.. not a great stab movie. Not at all."
"184" "Scream is a surprisingly strong requel that's more meta than ever, lots of fun and suitably violent. Cleverly parodying and critiquing the latest trends in both franchise filmmaking and modern horror, even if the killers identity is predictable.The new cast of characters are all strong but Melissa Barrera and Jenna Ortega give the standout performances with incredible chemistry. The returning cast are all reliably great but David Arquette is the best out of the three with the most screen time and emotional heft.The direction by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett is fantastic, crafting some truly tense set pieces and some clever fake scares. The music by Brian Tyler is really good, elevating the tension whilst also having well utilised callbacks to previous themes."
"185" "Original director Wes Craven and writer Kevin Williamson may not be the ones to construct this new Scream movie, but the cast, creators and bloody slashings still show they can deliver an excessively fun murder mystery. 2022's Scream is an excellent and refreshing way for fans to return for the iconic Ghostface murders told within the traditional method of storytelling.Following tradition, you can expect the film to begin with an eerie phone call and a suspenseful Ghostface sequence, leading up to the title card! Fans of the previous Scream movies will appreciate how Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett execute every scene in a similar way Wes Craven would've done it. And screenwriters James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick absolutely do not let go of Kevin Williamson's memorable style.Just alike how the previous films did it, there's a great introduction of brand new teenage characters, also known as the top suspects. We unfortunately don't get to see Neve Campbell as much as we did as she worked her way through the pattern-like mystery of the other movies, but this instalment knows exactly how to follow different characters and make it work. There's still a large amount of stupid horror-movie actions, but it builds onto the excitement of predicting who's behind the mask.Especially considering it's been 11 years since 2011's Scream 4, which was insanely and unexpectedly extreme in bloodshed, going to the big screen, munching on popcorn and witnessing a brand new Ghostface mystery unfold entirely gets your heart pumping. There's tiny touches of humour, and even moments that'll bring a grin to your face because they keep the original's charm, but it's an incredibly fun result - a must visit for fans.If you liked this review, check out the full review and other reviews at aussieboyreviews."
"186" "This movie is just plain silly. If you do not believe me waste your time and watch it. It is less than two hours so you will not have wasted a great deal of time. This last sentence should get me over the 250 character minimum."
"187" "I think this might've been the most fun I've had in a movie theater in a minute. Let me preface this review by stating upfront that I promise to make this review as vague and spoiler-free as possible. Now, with all of that out of the way, lets review....Since 2011, I have felt the best sequel in the franchise that we had gotten thus far was Scream 4 (2011); followed very closely by that original sequel, Scream 2 (1997). But I have got to say...this fifth film stepped out swinging, and without question, it earned my respect.Scream (2022) finds a way to perfectly balance the horror, suspense and satirical elements that has made these films so much fun to watch time after time.It strayed away from those surrealistic comedic beats that made Scream 3 (2000) and Scream 4 (2011) feel almost cartoonish at times. Now, with all of that being said, I still love both of those films.There was one recurring element of this new film that I really did not like all that much. I can see half of the fans loving it and the other half hating it. It just did nothing to add enough to the story and it came off more like a fan service camouflaged as character development. I just found it to be pretty unnecessary.As a die hard fan of the original and its sequels. I can say that, in my opinion, this is the first sequel to actually match the feel of the original Scream (1996), which is a tone that is extremely difficult to match.All in all, I gotta say this fifth film was an extremely pleasant surprise. I am very happy that the cast & crew paid so much respect to all of the other films and most importantly Wes Craven, who I think would have been really proud of this new entry. This movie was a terrific way to kick off a new storyline with new characters. The goals Craven and Kevin Williamson set out to accomplish in Scream 4 (2011) were finally brought to fruition here with this new entry. Allowing the legacy characters the opportunity for closure while keeping the world open to a future that can bring new faces and new storylines.I am so ready to see the continuation of this world and can't wait to see where it goes from here."
"188" "I've really never been the big scream fan in fact I think that they are honestly more comedies than anything. Most of the time the formula works to an extent but is somewhat bogged down by all the forced attempts at clever scripting. In my true opinion the whole franchise would work better if they made it more serious, That way ghostface would be much more effective and serve his purpose. This film is just like any other films in the franchise except it gets back to the roots with similar cast members as the first. It was made solely for fan service and nostalgia. For most people that's enough but I found it quite unnecessary but yet still solid enough at moments. I suppose if you're a bigger sxream fan than me you would enjoy it but I certainly wasn't impressed with the overall product."
"189" "Oh no, I wanted to watch either a reboot or a sequel to the Scream horror movies from 20 years ago but it was more a parody... or simply a \"over the top\" simplistic film for a teenage audience (wait, why the R-rating then? - I add one star for the fun night you can spend watching this picture with friends and making fun of the incongruities)."
"190" "WOKEISM ruins another movie franchise! Clearly the casting director is a weirdo from the West Coast to think this is a valid group of school-age friends. Frosted tips and the grotesque use of the F-word is about right for this lousy generation."
"191" "Extremely clichÃ©, super boring, bad dialogue and acting, this movie hurts to watch. The acting was EXTREMELY terrible, there were scenes meant to invoke sadness but I couldn't empathize with the characters because the delivery was terrible. Ghostface sounded like a cartoon character every time he'd talk on the phone. IT WAS AN ACTUAL WASTE OF TIME."
"192" "Boring, cheap knock-off of the original. Too many unnecessary characters that look alike, I could hardly tell them apart. It was impossible for me to build an emotional connection to the story."
"193" "Before going into this film I re-visited all three Screams as well as for the first time watching Scream 4, and coming off of Screams 3, and 4 I kept my expectations in check as I didn't feel both films were as good as the first two, but were enjoyable all the same.For me Growing up at the time the slasher killer was 'Ghostface' he was everywhere, I even dressed up as bloody scream Ghostface like two years in a row. So Scream was then, and remains my favorite slasher franchise. It was a pretty big part of my childhood, and Ghostface scared the crap out of me as a child.Anyway enough of my reminiscing and onto my review, I am very happy to report that Scream 5 was a great film. It lives up to the originals, and is such a great tribute to the legacy of Wes Craven, and the Scream franchise.There's soo much good to be said about this film that I have very little to no criticisms. So I'll start with the one criticism that immediately comes to mind which is why again is the hospital empty? It's just to convenient, and very hard to suspend your belief in that aspect. It bothered me in Scream 4, and annoys me.A great cast here, and even the newcomers do a great job at standing alongside the original characters, Sidney, Dewey, and Gale. The story here granted is not to complex, but is such a quintessential Scream storyline that I was enthralled from beginning to end.One of the most bloodiest, and gore filled installments in the Scream franchise it feels they really took it up a notch with some pretty brutal, and ruthless kills. Maybe I'm wrong but I also feel Ghostface had way more screen time than he did in past films, he was quite relentless.This film was also surprisingly very funny, with almost a majority of the jokes landing, and not feeling forced. I just had an all around great time with this film, and I know the audience I was with did too. An aspect of this film I enjoyed was how self aware it was, not trying so hard, or to be something it's not. It knows what it is, and does it splendidly with some great moments of audience participation.A great satirical, commentary of not just the horror, slasher genre but of modern day cinema that definitely left me wanting to discuss it long after the credits have rolled.9/10."
"194" "Let me preface this by stating I am an ENORMOUS fan of the Scream series, and would love to see more movies but hopefully nothing like this utter letdown.What starts out ok then quickly takes a nosedive is the weakest, most boring and predictable entry in the Scream franchise. It's blatantly obvious who the killer(s) will be within the first 10 minutes.Gone is the clever, funny satire replaced with unfunny, straightforward deconstruction. The cast, although talented actors, are just wasted including the returning 3.The various twists and revelations are just so predictable and what was with the whole Billy Loomis in the mirror element? Is this a supernatural film now?The kills are all very weak and uncreative, I know ghostfaces weapon is just a knife but there's a lot you can do with it. The film also is far too heavy on the drama, this was just overused and downright depressing in scenes. Felt like a soap opera most of the time.Love how the film includes all this woke box ticking but God forbid a person of color is the killer. Now that would be surprising and a twist but doubt you'd see it anytime soon.There's several stupid decisions of almost every character constantly as well, like why would you answer your phone after being stabbed?Urgh I do hope to see more films in the future but please fix this abomination with the next - ramp up everything and actually make some good twists. And good kills too."
"195" "Gale and Sidney got injury on their belly one got gun shot and the other one stabbed but they were thinking about that they should go to hospital or not and then both agreed upon to have some conversation before taking ambulance ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£"
"196" "This movie held so much promise but it was wasted on a weak dialect and humdrum blah. I saw the original in theaters and, I'm sorry kids, y'all missed out. (Ps. I knew the killers in the first 15 mins)."
"197" "Going back after after 2 years to the cinema due covid and the first flick from 2022. Could it go wrong. Luckily it didn't.I didn't know what to expect from Scream 5, was it a remake was it a prequel, sequel, reboot. To be honest, none of that. Just number 5 but what a great story they have written.You need to have some background even as they explain it all with the movie Stab en talking about the past it's best to watch the original first.In my opinion what did work was the fact that they did laugh with the franchise. It opens as Scream did, you know girl alone and suddenly the telephone rings. Do I need to go further?What was nice is that the original lead cast from part 1 was back here and not only with a cameo but with a important lead. What didn't work in the new Matrix with replacing characters by other actors did work here. First we learn about the new cast and slowly the old ones come into the story. Great.Killings are important here and there are a lot going on, on-camera and even in close-up so again, just on the edge of gore.Nice story, simple but it works. Good effects even as are some done in CGI it all works great.Really nice entry in the franchise after the disappointing number 4 without the original cast. Will Scream 5 but horror back on track, I think so.Gore 2/5 Nudity 0/5 Effects 3/5 Story 3/5 Comedy 0,5/5."
"198" "You love Slasher films you say? Well, you need to watch the latest installment in the Sream franchise. All you need for a great Slasher flick is blood and knifes. Scream has outdone themselves once again. They were able to combine today's modern culture with that of the 90s and delivered a memorable addition to the sub-genre."
"199" "Good but not brilliant by any manner. Bet self aware of itself as always in the scream movie the callbacks to the original were done very well mostly. The film gets better as it goes along with the finale being probably the best part of the film. The new teenage characters were pretty hit or miss some were okay some were just annoying. Jack Quaid was a good injection of life in the movie that is pretty serious for a Scream movie with the humour of previous films mostly suspended to tell a more serious story. Still entertaining moments though. The returning characters are handled a bit bizarrely with the spotlight being on Sam and her sister and their relationship. Some of the scenes with them drag but overall it's done fine. 7/10 maybe the best sequel defiantly better then Scream 3."
"200" "Sadly, this is not the Scream movie to revive the franchise. Quite the opposite. Scream was the first horror/ slasher movie I ever watched and to see it going this way is disappointing. Too many cliches, too many plot holes, too many unanswered questions, and too many attempts to try and draw it back to the original just to make it appear as a Scream movie. Disappointing."
"201" "The movie is pretty average and a lot of characters are just there for 5 min screen time at max. This leads to little or no character development and even our protagonist is hard to root for - for many obvious reasons. The ending is also a let down and seeing things play out after all the hype is another low for the movie.5/10."
"202" "For a movie to be good it has to be logical and the point has to be conveyed in a way we can understand. But in that movie, you don't really feel like there's a serious threat. The killers were supposed to be two ordinary people, for some odd reasons, going on a rampant killing spree but in the movie, they seem to have superpowers while they are just two teenagers with knives."
"203" "The latest incarnation of \"Scream\" is bad beyond belief. The chemistry the original cast had is sorely lacking with the new cast. Zero star appeal from the main two girls. If they plan on making a new franchise with these two, I have a feeling it will be further disasters. There were a couple of good slasher moments and good to see the original cast members but Scream should've ended with Scream 4."
"204" "How is this movie getting 10 stars? I don't understand how people are saying it has great acting, it was bad. Everything was so cliche and unrealistic. Don't trust the good reviews, this wasn't a good film."
"205" "25 years after the original SCREAM was released and 10 years since the last entry comes a film that no one expected but everyone hoped to see. There's been much excitement and nervousness after the dispatch of Wes Craven - will the new directors be able to maintain the level of tension, terror and somewhat cosiness of the four previous films? And the answer is \"hell yes!\" The new movie takes a lot of chances, breaks the rules, but remains true to what the fans expect (or want to be surprised about) in the series.It is a hard task to review the film when any potential comment may be a spoiler. But to give you something to look forward to I say this: the film has the best chemistry ever between Dewey Gail and Sydney and I felt like reuniting with the best friends. The film is also brutal - it's not just the most violent entry in the franchise, it also gets personal - as a fan you should expect to get hurt. Badly. It also features the most gruesome opening scene in the franchise... but with an unexpected result!This new SCREAM takes the Mickey out of the 1996 original and does it well, giving us fantastic new characters and a modern final girl for generations- Melissa Barrera's Sam Carpenter is a vision to behold. It should please the old time viewers and bring new fans to the franchise.The set of new characters has a nice dynamic and while you know they are doomed to be picked off one by one it makes every death matter. The finale is reminiscent of ONCE UPON A TIME IN HOLLYWOOD and will not disappoint. The audience clapped for 5 minutes after the credits rolled. Enough said."
"206" "Utterly unbelievable, completely absurd, embarrassingly terrible. The worst movie in and already inconsistent and failing franchise... The acting is subpar but passable, however the characters are so unbelievably shallow I was speechless. And the motivation for the murders? Embarrassing... from start to finish I was just left with the striking feeling of amazement the best movie ever even made it to the screen."
"207" "Is it watchable YES is it good NONostalgia got me through it.I'm 39 so was the right age for the first one, the best one! In fact the only good one in the bunch.Scream 2022 is just beyond pointless . The acting was atrocious.Like a old band reuniting. Are u happy yes was they any good , not really."
"208" "Scream was very enjoyable. It is super super meta, even by Scream standards, which helps make it a fun movie. Well, as fun as slashers can get. It loses some points because the trailers give away enough to know most of the set points for the movie, and for being fairly predictable. That being said, at it's heart, it is a very very sweet love letter to creator Wes Craven. For that, I am grateful I went opening night."
"209" "I honestly wish someone had slit my throat after the 1st minute.A horror movie that was terrible they made is a comedy. Could have a follow up to scary movie rather than scream."
"210" "I don't know what's going on with the movies lately - crap story, illogical decisions by the characters, horrible acting, I just can't finish a movie, as everything is a sequel, prequel, meta, trying to be woke and the bar keeps getting lower and lower. This is a fine example."
"211" "Do they pay people to rate this movie? The rating is too forgiving for movie like this. So many cringe scenes. So many funny stupid moments that even a 5 year old will laugh at this slasher movie. Shame that these actors/actresses actually accepted the roles for this movie. In my opinion the money they spent for this movie should've been donated to #TeamSeas."
"212" "The 5th installment of the \"Scream\" franchise has been released, over 11 years since its previous film. With the return of Neve Campbell (Scream, Scream 2, Wild Things), David Arquette (Scream, Scream 2, Never Been Kissed), and Courteney Cox (Friends, Scream, Scream 2) this horror franchise has now experienced four decades of the infamous \"Ghostface\" and will go down as one of the most popular slasher movie franchises of all time.Synopsis:\"Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, Calif., a new killer dons the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town's deadly past.\"What You See, Feel, and HearThe Scream franchise feels different than other popular horror franchises for one reason; continuity. Though other films bring back popular characters or reboot them, Scream has kept the same core of actors and actresses to portray their characters for 25 years and that alone will hold viewer investment. The story is very much a classic Scream story, however, from the beginning of the film this depiction took a different route from what the audience is used to seeing and that one change deemed as a major positive throughout the story. One major difficulty with all horror films is the use of music and sound effects to interact with the viewer. In Scream the emphasis was dedicated to sound effects and the use of them, or the strategic way of not using them, in surprising ways. I felt like this was an innovative approach as certain moments are left a bit unpredictable because of the use of sound.Predictable or non-predictable, this franchise tends to always keep viewers on the hook for the simple curiosity of murder mystery. One down side to that constant \"hook\" is that you're often left with an anticlimactic feeling as you discover who the killer is in each film. Unfortunately, that's the main feeling that stuck with me from my experience. In a story as captivating as this one, the result felt a bit half-assed and I couldn't help but draw up a better conclusion than what was given to us.You know how continuity allows this franchise to stand out among the rest? Sometimes, that can be a bad thing. Out of the five Scream films the first three were released in 1996, 1997, and 2000. The last two were released in 2011, and 2022. With two films within a franchise in 22 years you're asking a lot of these actors to keep the same energy, demeanor, and portrayal of their characters, and it showed. Out of the three core actors, David Arquette seemed to fall back into his role like he never left bringing a bit more emotion to his character than ever before. However, with minimal lines from Courteney Cox and an underwhelming performance from Neve Campbell I didn't feel the nostalgic element that was readily available.My TakeThe CGI and special effects have only gotten better since 1996, however I feel quite opposite for the storyline. I admire this franchise and thoroughly enjoy the instant gratification that comes from each film, but I can't help but be disappointed from the result of this depiction. With a weak outcome to an enticing plot and a rushed character arch I think this film underperformed on a perfect 11 year opportunity that could have wrapped up the franchise. Though I don't see an authentic opportunity for Scream 6, I didn't receive closure to the franchise in a way that I thought I was going to. This franchise may be built as an open-ended plot for decades to come for more adaptations, however unlike its competition, closure would be ideal for these characters who have gone through a LOT.Grade: 5.4/10."
"213" "The original Scream is my favourite slasher movie of all time. The sequels just went from bad to ridiculous. I thought they couldn't top how terrible Scream 4 was but this abomination of stupidity just made me sad. Hollywood continues to ruin standalone movies."
"214" "This was one of the worst movies ive seen in a while. Cant believe rating are so high, clearly they were high. Ive watched the old Scream movies but basing a movie on nostalgia is nonsense. We blame Hollywood for unoriginal movies but them praised them when they give us ðŸ’©"
"215" "I was really excited to see this movie I have been a huge fan of the scream movies since I saw the first one in the theaters 25 years ago however this one has got to be my least favorite movie in the series they tried too hard to get you to care about the characters which fell flat, they tried too hard to beef up the killing scenes which also felt too phoney and not entertaining the killer/killers were dull they tried to replace the characters from the original scream with new actors which was boring, the inclusion of the legacy characters felt too forced all in all this movie was a mess the format has been laid out by Wes craven all they had to do was follow the formula he perfected with the previous entries in the series and they failed they also tried too hard to be self aware which made it more annoying then anything and the jokes in the movie missed with everyone in the theater I went to wait for it to come to a streaming service not worth the cost of a movie ticket very disappointed in this movie."
"216" "An exceptional requel/homage to horror titan, Wes Craven, Scream (2022) brought way more to the table than expected. For starters, the commentary about like slasher films was more clever in this fifth installment than any of its predecessors. The cast is funny, fast-thinking, and most importantly, kill-able.Yes, folks. You heard it here. This Scream film has STAKES! High ones! The body count is massive and the gore is absolutely brutal. The Ghostface killer was NOT afraid to do his dirty work in the daylight this time around. The diegesis is so cutthroat this go-round that nobody is safe and there are no re-dos for some that have always seemed to make it out alive. It's utter savagery and it's massively insane!Directors Tyler Gillett and Matt Bettinelli-Olpin utilized some hair-raising, ingenious twists on common horror tropes. This brought forth a mixture of comedy and trepidation that blended shockingly well.The cast was superb. That's all that can really be said about any of the actors or there performances. From the newbies to the returning cast, every actor delivered something terrifying and memorable.This is the perfect horror film. The characters make logical decisions and there are logical consequences. As fans of the series, we receive a reality check. But we also receive fan service in the form of those old Scream clichÃ©s that we know (all too damn well) and love.Shocking and excellent... Scream was a scream! 93%!"
"217" "After part 2, the Scream films started to feel a little safe and predictable and, while there's still some elements of that in this newest \"requel\", you have to give the filmmakers some props for making a more brutal film with some higher stakes while still peppering the film with some humor. Kevin Williamson's whip smart writing is missed, but at the very least, the film doesn't disrespect the legacy characters of Sidney, Dewey, and Gale."
"218" "Let me start by saying I am a huge Scream fan. Loved the whole series until I saw this mess.I payed $5.99 to rent it and figured I had to push through it. Found myself playing games on my phone just til I saw the killer. There is nothing new here. Nothing groundbreaking here. Very boring and annoying. The acting stunk, plot has been done before over and over.I am dumber for having watched this."
"219" "I get it I get it, they made it so incredibly stupid that it's physically unbearable to watch. You don't pay attention to anything but utter stupidity, was that a goal?For a comedy this isn't even remotely funny.Pathetic garbage."
"220" "Scary movie meets scream Just bad from the acting to the frights it's legacy meets movie cliche.Please stop making these and every other 90s horror.Find new ideas requals and reboots are poor just stop."
"221" "The dedication at the end was so touching. It was tolerable compared to the others but as always the killers are just teens or punks and chicks. What happened to gorgeous bad guys? It was predictable. The Lesbo chick was annoying. Still too comedic, esp the rules things. Make it serious. Still can't stand the main 3 people."
"222" "There is no reason one must not give this soft (sequel)reboot a shot given the new directors. The film was smart, scary, emotional, and clever! Melissa barrela did a great job getting the audience to trust her as the new lead (given the circumstances of her past). I wish the female legacy characters had gotten more screen time, but it was fun watching the new characters interact. My favorite character was definitely Mindy Meeks-(played by jasmin savoy) I thought she was a great scene stealer and wonderful tribute to her uncle! Mikey Madison, Jenna Ortega, Jack Quaid, David arquette, and Marley Shelton all were great stand outs for their acting."
"223" "Wow, I just got home from the theater and ... oh boy, I hated it !! Can't understand all the positive reviews ... and no, I'm not a hater. On the contrary, most of the time I find things I like and love in almost every movie, and I've really enjoyed and liked every movie in the franchise (yes, part 4 too!), But this one was just too much! There is literally ZERO originality in it. I'm not going to say it is predictable because I never would predicted this incredible lack of imagination. Even worse: all the fun is gone! Wes is missing so much it hurts! And don't let me start with what this movie does to the original characters ... well, honestly, most of the time it doesn't do anything at all with them ... but when it does, it's devastating. You will see what i mean!In the end - and that's almost ironic - scream 2022 is more or less a bad remake of scream 4, just a lot less imaginative ... don't worry, that's no hint to the killer's identity ... but even if it were, it would not matter that much because after 20 minutes you can guess who is behind the mask anyway ..."
"224" "I'm not a fan of horror movies in general, mostly because they're very predictable and the acting is usually abysmal so I get bored with them easily. This movie was no different. From the very beginning the acting was atrocious, I couldn't even take the characters seriously it felt like I was watching a Lifetime TV movie. There was a lot of forced cursing in scenes where it felt very out of place, as if the writers just wanted to make sure you remembered that it was an R rated movie in case you forgot when \"Ghostface\" wasn't stabbing people 25 times during a scene. I couldn't even make it through the movie, as soon as the main characters went to Dewey's house and he explained the rest of the movie to them I knew it was time to get up and go watch Spider-Man: No Way Home for the fourth time, because if I already know what's going to happen in a movie I'd rather at least enjoy it. I would've asked for a refund but the movie was being played at a private watch party for my nephews birthday which is the only reason I gave this pile of crap a chance in the first place. I prefer Scary Movie."
"225" "I love the scream movies. I wasn't able to sleep last night is how excited I was to see the movie. Now that I have watched the movie. I was truly disappointed in the movie. The storyline overall was the same as the first movie. I'm not sure if the writers for the movie have run out of ideas or just don't care. One year ago I read apparently the original plan for this movie. That movie idea would have raised the bar and probably beat the others easily. I'm not sure why they scrapped the idea. So to the same overall storyline. The killing of a major character. Which wasn't a big surprise. So definitely not the worst movie of all time but definitely not worth watching unless you like repetitive movies."
"226" "But then characters die for the most stupid and 1990's reasons.If you're going to point out how dumb people were in pervious versions of this then don't make them make the same mistakes! What's the point?? It doesn't even feed the hard core fans need to relive the previous films.You're literally just farting out the same stuff but claiming its different.Such a letdown of poo on a stick."
"227" "Gonna leave this short and sweet. This is a great tribute to the original. Great blend of legacy and new characters. I think Wes would have been proud to have this in his franchise. Loved it. If you haven't seen it and are a fan of the original go see this now."
"228" "The thing that bothered me the most about this film is that it constantly does the very things it is making fun of. The original Scream did this but it acknowledged it, unlike this one. Besides it's just another cliche not scary at all \"horror\" film."
"229" "I wonder why the original cast came back for this. This is an insult to the original scream. If you won't be annoyed with it reminding u every second that this is a requel and giving references to the previous cream movies, calling the previous ones as stab than you are fine to go. And also not to mention characters just knowingly chilling with potential killers while people are being killed. Uh. Why did I watch this."
"230" "Somebody needs to tell film makers that pointing out the flawed nature and cynacism of modern sequels doesn't give you a pass to just go ahead and deliver a by the numbers version of the exact thing you just mocked (looking at you Matrix).That is the problem here, there is nothing wrong with some good old slasher action but the movie invites you to expect more with no intention of delivering. The opening name checks a whats what of modern \"elavated\" (read actually good) horror films before it goes on to explain how the killer is attempting to make a requal and all the things this will entail. This leaves the viewer waiting for an extra twist or layer on the formula that never comes and a finale that is just a pale rehash of the original. There is fun to be had along the way thanks to a good cast and entertaining beats but it never really satisfies.With references to Rian Johnson and toxic fan culture its possible the writers are just making fun of exactly the kind of person who will enjoy this movie. If that's the case you have to respect the moxy but I still shouldn't leave the cinema wishing I'd watched the parody movie within your movie rather than the real thing."
"231" "Scream (5): Not a reboot, more of a requel as the film's characters describe the latest version of Stab, there are some angry fans about. Maybe call it Scream: The Next Generation, even though characters from the previous films gradually arrive, a new set of teens take centre stage. A new Ghostface comes on the scene, threatening Tara, she has to answer his questions about Stab movies even though she is more into The Babdook, The Witch and Hereditary, predictably there many in jokes and quite an element of satire in Scream. From the outset the violence is brutl and gory, quite shocking at times. Even the strain of black humour which permeates this pastiche does't really leaven the dark mood of the narrative but you will get a few jokes though they might die in your throat as it's slit. Surprises, plot twists, secrets revealed and a body count of characters both old and new make Screaming an enjoyable watch. Directed by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett and Written by James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick. 8/10."
"232" "Too much Genz Z vibes. Sydney should've been a main again. These new kids acted like teenagers from every high school movie that has existed in the past decade, annoying. The acting was some of them, especially Samantha's actress, was not good. She barely had any facial expression! Sydney and Gale's scenes were the most fun. I do not wish for a 6th movie, it will not be a good \"requel\" to the original ones."
"233" "Trash movie w trash acting bec they had to check all the race and LGBTQ boxes. Trash movie..don't spend the money. ::::..............:::::::watch the original."
"234" "This movie was not even remotely scary or suspenseful. Even the makeup is bad on the kill scenes. This is for sure a wait for free movie. Are there no creative writers in Hollywood to make an original spin on this movie?"
"235" "So many things are just wrong with this movie the script is just trash. Nothing make sense on this movie. I don't know how does it have this much rating."
"236" "What a horrible movie.Even a 9y old kid wouldnÂ´t be afraid.Saw it in 4* speed, which in a supose to be \"horror movie\" says it all.In 2022 cellphones donÂ´t work? All characters are so fake thet hurts your head."
"237" "All the scream movies was from my childhood. It was great to see the original cast mixed in from when I was a child. Wow, I must of said to myself, \"i love this\" at least 10 times during the movie. Jenna Ortega tore down the house. Hope she goes far as an actresses. When movies from my childhood come about, I just have to go see them. Everyone played their roles solid. Couldn't be more proud as a fan."
"238" "The modus operandi coming from Hollywood (totally organic, definetly not social engineering) is thus:-Fill film with completely inorganic mix of characters from diverse backgrounds who somehow have zero personality aside from \"gay\", \"interracial relationship\", \"black\", so on.-Rehash old films without really adding anything newThat's Scream 2022. There was one cool part where Ghostface unlocks the doors of a house used a cloned-phone...other than that, the producers didnt even really bother updating the premise. Sure there were cell phones, so now there's this cat/mouse aspect, but we're also treated to several characters at several points in the film explaining us the \"rules\" of the in-world movie \"Slash\" which...gets entirely too meta.This film is pretty much as bad as every major release in current year."
"239" "Self awareness level is at the top and I loved it.Became my fave in this franchise and I've received everything I've been looking for from this one.Deaths, twist, storyline, Jenna Ortega's phenomenal acting, character development and most especially storytelling was the best among all of the movies in this franchise.Felt hopeful for horror genre's future once again and I can't wait to re-watch it anytime soon."
"240" "Probably the 3rd best Scream film in the series, but they just need to end or reboot the series already. There is only so much you can do with a horror series that's main thing was it being self aware. The film is good, the plot twist is satisfying but there are a few dumb moments that make you wonder why the police take too long, or they the police are not called or why a character who should know better to check on something doesn't. Just a ton of dumb logic gaps that could have killed the film for me."
"241" "It can't justify the hype. As a slasher per se it is not that bad, but as a sequel it was completely disappointing. And what's with all the soap opera drama, for f's sake, it's a horror movie, just cut the c*ap.As seen in today's remakes and sequels, it takes credit for what the first three movies have delivered and fails to add some of it's own character. If it wasn't for the old cast, no one would even watch this. Ghostface didn't even manage to kill half of it's victims. Not that it matters, but since it's a slasher it actualy does.I really hope filmmakers would come up with something fresh in the following years. Not just a mediocre hommage to the golden years of horror movies."
"242" "It's the worst movie ever made in the history of cinema What a waste of time and money The cast got shot and staped several times without effecting them!!!!!"
"243" "The kids that are supposed to be in high school look like their mid 20-30's, When the ghost face killer is trying to attack they seem to have super strength and can't get hurt. When they are human they have no injuries at all."
"244" "This film was so much fun from beginning to end. So much nostalgia and MANY OG characters that came back and one you probably forgot about! I'll leave it at that. But this definitely lives up to the original.. brutal kills in this one too!! But if you enjoy the previous ones, you'll love this one! I think Wes would be proud! Can't wait to bring it home with me in a few months!"
"245" "The movie was a masterpiece and i like a sadness scenes just i can say wow wow wow so brutal and sadness scenes and romantic scenes there's a lot of funny lines it's so amazing."
"246" "So many continuity errors it makes this film ridiculously unwatchable. Bad choices by characters, badly written with lazy story telling. Overall an extremely stupid movie, that was painful to watch."
"247" "Jumping on the bandwagon lead by the countless remakes starring \"legacy characters\" this one falls short for me. Not all of the Scream films are gems but this one was equal to Scream 4 for me. Trying so hard to copy the original that started it all. They went overboard with the \"meta\" aspect of the movie that we all love and it made it cringy. The kills were original which was refreshing but overall it just wasn't scary in the slightest and all but one of the deaths just felt empty. The character development was also very shallow. We cared and loved Sidney but the same isn't for Sam."
"248" "One of my friends described this movie like watching a Stab film when you expected to watch a Scream film. That sums it up. There are ridiculous premises, math that doesn't add up, and at times it almost feels like the movie is calling itself out for being bad... Most of the new cast members are... not great actors and none of them have the same sort of friendly dialogue that the previous films \"teen\" cast had. I was actually laughing out loud during scenes that were meant to be scary/intense because the writing/feel was so bad. I really enjoyed Ready or Not so this disappointed on many levels, both as an homage to the Original Scream, and as a follow up to the directors' previous horror film."
"249" "Decent film, what you expect, good suspense and twists. Courtney cox is in about 3 scenes but her acting is shocking, really poor acting, that makes this feel like a straight to VOD release."
"250" "Worst of the franchise unfortunately.The scream franchise is one of my favourites and I every year I say to myself I hope they make another one - after watching this one I said this should be the end. I gave it a 5 because it's alright but very mediocre.They call it a \"re-quel\" which in reality they've just copied the original and given it a fancy name, it just feels so forced. Three issues I have with this film are:1. The original cast are stupid, for people who have gone through this 4 times already they either should know to stay away or should be of better help.2. The ending was so forced to be a replica of the original it was very annoying. Without giving spoilers the person who was in essence playing Stu from the original just did not pull off this persona in that scene. This actually ruined the whole film for me. And their reasonings just felt like they were clutching at straws.3. It didn't have the same feel of all of the scream films, the film moved very quickly, the killings were not as thought through or executed the way they are in the others. It felt like an amateur copy cat.Also, where is the mom ?!"
"251" "The most interesting part of this movie was figuring out what parts of Courtney Cox's face are still human skin and what is melted Tupperware. Everything else was just bad acting and poor storyline..."
"252" "This movie was perfect 10/10, Wes would be proud. Idk how their are negative reviews! This movie has so many callbacks and great thrills just like the first one! So intense and emotional and literarily has me guessing everyone because EVERYONE IS A SUSPECT! This movie will be re-watched over and over again and analyzed over and over again under a microscope by fans for years!"
"253" "The journey is better than the destination in the Inception-like meta-levels of legacy-quel take-down here. The cast is fully game, playing every bit of it with a welcome wink. And like any tried-and-true slasher, the mystery villain sows destructive paranoia among the victims while keeping the audience guessing. I just wish it led to a more inspired ending, one that matches the rest of the movie. It's still my favorite since the first, but I guess, ultimately, I, too, also prefer The Babadook."
"254" "Wes would be so proud of this. The directors have done an amazing job of this movie. It's brutal, it's serious & not so comedic like the other sequels were. Sure hope there is another chapter to this franchise because this one really does hit the mark!!"
"255" "It starts off okay, but then right before the opening credits roll, it goes the obvious route. After that you find out it doesn't even do the obvious, but in a bad way. Kills are okay but then it tries too hard to be clever, such as trying to attack social commentary/agenda politics in movies today while it does it anyway!It's really time to put this series to bed, making lame connections with past characters is becoming way too old. Probably better than p2 and maybe 4 but not by much."
"256" "'For Wes' begins the end credits. And he would have been proud of this very innovative film. It is very respectful to the original trilogy and keeps the same cast, style and atmosphere.I was one of those people asking why wasn't this just called \"Scream 5\" when I saw that the original characters were returning and that it was set 25 years after the events of the 1996 original. Well, \"Scream\" in 2022 is a 'Requel'. In Woodsboro, the murders are happening once again. Ghostface is back slaughtering a group of friends, and Sid, Gale and Sheriff Riley all return to the town to help the new heroine with an interesting parentage find the culprit or culprits ...\"Scream\" is great fun. The self-referential nature is very interesting, there is humour a-plenty and the violence savage. For fans, this will not dissappoint. It is the best installment in the franchise since \"Scream 2\". This has come at a good time; the last film was ten years ago and now a new generation can be introduced to the enduring Ghostface."
"257" "How did they get Courtney Cox's mother in this film? She looks just like CC, except much older. This production is amazing! I can't wait to see it again..."
"258" "Bravo and thank you for this authentic tribute to Wes Craven, which sees Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox and David Arquette return to fight Ghostface with the next generation in Woodsboro, CA.19-year old Jenna Ortega deserves a special mention for enlightening us with her presence and radiation in acting."
"259" "8/10 - this talented new cast really bring it (even more than the legacy cast in my opinion) in this gripping \"requel\" (and if I'm honest, hopefully the final chapter in the series) that crosses the line of being too meta at times and borders on the line of greatness."
"260" "Don't waste your time,it's better to been placed in comedy genre,totally a disaster,i'm sure that a 2 years old doesn't scare from this movie!I really loved scream from it's first one,but after this i got disappointed."
"261" "Such a fun experience watching this in cinema because it's giving the suspense and the thrill. Also the meta-ness and the story are very \"now\" without forgetting its core. Brings back the excitement from the first installment. Love it!"
"262" "It is hard to believe it has been 25 years since \"Scream\" premiered and in doing so; brought new life into the slasher genre which had become stale due to an abundance of direct to DVD and cable releases combined with many uninspired and stale theatrical releases.The movie was a massive success and launched a very successful trilogy and made the Ghostface killer and many moments from the series Pop Culture mainstays.After a hiatus; \"Scream 4\" arrived and continued the series and in 2022; \"Scream\" has arrived which continues the story to the eager anticipation of fans.When a young girl named Tara (Jenna Ortega); is brutally attacked in a fashion very similar to the Ghostface Killer; her sister Sam (Melissa Barrera); returns to Woodsboro to be by her side while Tara recuperates.Sam is joined by her boyfriend Richie (Jack Quaid), who has no idea about the history of Woodsboro nor the popular \"Stab\" film series that is based on the events of the murders that have plagued the town.Sam's past troubles makes her return difficult and when Ghostface strikes again; she and Richie seek the help of Dewey (David Arquette); who has fallen on hard times and has split from Gayle (Courtney Cox). Despite his reluctance; Dewey gets involved and tells Sam the \"rules\" which would indicate the killer might be someone she knows and soon everyone in her and Tara's circle becomes suspect even as the deaths start to increase.This allows for some of the best moments of the film as the characters make references to several other modern and past horror franchises and discuss things from online Trolls, rabid fans, and other Pop Culture references which provides some tongue in cheek humor about the series and also establishes the world of \"Scream\" as one where people are well-versed in horror films old and new and have modified the rules based on sequel, prequel, and \"Requel\" rules for films.As tensions and body count mounts; Gayle, Dewey, and Sidney (Neve Campbell) must face their fears to stop Ghostface before it is too late.While the final act of the film is very over the top and at times absurd; it does provide plenty of the elements that fans have come to expect from the series. I was able to accurately see and predict almost all of the twists very early in the film and did not have many surprises as the film unfolded; I think many will still find enough enjoyment watching the tale unfold as after four films I have a pretty good idea of the formula for the series and also have many years of this as I saw the twists in \"The Sixth Sense\" and \"The Village\" very early in the films so I just seem to have a knack for this sort of thing.While it does not break much in the way of new ground; the film does deliver what fans have come to expect and I did find in more enjoyable than \"Scream 3\" and there was more than enough to keep me entertained. There have been rumors that a sixth film has already been planned and if so: I will be more than ready for more.3.5 out of 5."
"263" "What the F, are you kidding me. This is one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time. Sharknado is Godfather for this movie. Avoid this one, dont waste your time on this recycled piece of garbage."
"264" "No interest no plot all the time they referred to the old screams .Actors and dialogues was like ITS A REQUEL ITS A REQUEL hahaha wtf??? I got tired of hearing references to old movies and above all ITS A REQUEL hahah I did not understand why the movie came out and what was the intention of the killer but it did not stand well for me. It was an disaster."
"265" "The best bit was the actors reprising their roles from the first movie.The worst bit was that they took the same script and tweaked it a bit and I just got pretty bored with it in all fairness.The new Characters were shallow and I just wished they'd been offed quicker.I'm in the minority on this I know, but as in the new Ghostbusters film, it just repeats what we've seen before.Disappointed."
"266" "\"After tonight, no more books, no more movies, and no more Ghostface!\"Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, a new killer dons the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town's deadly past. Scream is the fifth installment in the franchise. I can't say I was too keen on seeing this. The trailer itself looked awful and it's just something that felt like it should be done at this point. However, the positive reactions seemed to say otherwise so I decided to check it out. To my surprise, Scream is actually a pretty decent movie. I'm not completely on board with the rave reviews some have been giving, but I did find myself enjoying it a whole lot more than I initially thought. Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett direct this in the same fashion as Wes Craven would have. Even the script is pretty similar to how the original was written. This franchise criticizes horror tropes while utilizing them as well. It's always a fun watch, especially for first time watchers. And this addition is no exception. It's just a plain old good time. The mystery of who the killer might be kept me engaged the whole time. They do an excellent job of diverting who it may be with all the twists throughout. By the end, I was quite satisfied with the outcome. The one aspect of the script that I wasn't too keen on were the characters. Of course, they're meant to be disposable playing along with the trope. But our new leads didn't have me rooting for them much so. When they have the original cast return, their screen time, though more than a cameo, didn't feel like they were needed much other than a fun throwback, especially with Campbell and Cox. I wanted the characters and their stories to come through because the acting is pretty well done.The movie runs close to two hours, which is a solid runtime. This could be me, but I felt like it could've been trimmed down. Suspense is such a big factor and they will keep it going as long as they need to. I just wanted the third act to come sooner and get us to the conclusion we want. The first act is good and has a fun clinch, and as I mentioned the third is the best of it. Throughout the second act, mainly we're seeing who is going to be killed off next. All of the kill scenes are fun and executed well. There's a lot of exposition for first time watchers and more drama than there needs to be. Again, this plays in with the characters. Cut a chunk out of the middle and it would be better. Besides the kills and suspense, another factor that keeps it going is the comedy. There are so many good jokes that had the theater laughing. I almost feel like this is the most comedic of the series. There's not much else to say other than this is a fun horror flick that defies expectations. Fans of the series will most likely love this and first-timers should as well. I have to admit I've only seen the forts in it's entirety and pieces from the rest. Scream left a mark and has made me want to go back and rewatch all the previous movies for a bit of fun."
"267" "I love the creativity of Ghostface. In the costume, he's almost a superhero. His phone calls with Roger's voice are stuff of legend. But I just can't stomach the people without the mask.Immersion goes out the window in the final act. I won't reveal the identity of Ghostface but it was easily predictable, cliche, and it really doesn't fit the Ghostface brutality. In this iteration, Ghostface is a menacing being and cutthroat.My favourite and most memorable moment was \"it's an honor.\" It's all downhill from there and it quickly spirals into forgotten elements. I'm dreading the next sequel because this really feels like they've gone as deep as they can go with this series.As much as I appreciate inclusion of new cast and connection of characters, it just feels a little too far fetched to have so many relatives of legacy characters here. Gale's line to Sam about Sidney being \"the original\" felt over the top.Amongst the new young cast, no one shines better than Ortega (Tara) and Gooding (Chad). Arquette was the only one to reprise his role and seemingly care to put on a performance.Scream 5, which is what it should be titled, has self-awareness and includes this aspect in the story that this requel -- not quite a reboot, not quite a sequel. Mindy, the niece of Randy Meeks, has a lot of her uncle in her and describes the killer's need to re-create Stab 8 which is also just called \"Stab\".Needless to say, although a new generation may find themselves identifying with the younger cast and trends in the film, the franchise is declining and has reached its limit.I'll give this a 3/10 because of the mid-film \"honor\" scene. However, there's a lot left to be desired. There were some miscues and ridiculous moments that left me confused such as no staff being in the hospital and in the finale, one of the heroes forcing the villain to catch on fire using a burner on the oven.If it wasn't for some fine acting chops of Arquette, epic chills out of Roger Jackson and Oscar-worthy performance out of Ortega, this would be one of the worst films of the genre. Easily, however, it's the worst of the series so far -- that may change depending on the next chapter.Scream 6 may not get as much attention as this one did, and if this film is any indication, it won't prove to be better quality than those that came before it."
"268" "It is a thriller movie like earlier. Sydney now looking no more charming. Gale looks bad dewe murder is very bad things I found him as a hero because he is the nice guy in all franchise movies. I enjoyed movie. Watch till end to find the ghost face."
"269" "I was excited to see this. Yet I'm writing this half way through, in the theater, bored put of my mind. Fortunately my wife and I are the only two here. I will sum this up quickly. Boring, we had the killers picked out 20 minutes in, and couldn't wait for this to end. Boring and extremely predictable."
"270" "Even though I did enjoy this movie, I think it is time to stop. I have no problem with this movie other than the fact that it is getting into the realm of all other Slashers, the first couple are good entertaining and enjoyable but by the time you hit 4, 5, 6, they start to lose their magic. The violence in the film definitely is an upgrade to all other scream movies, the Story line was decent but not great, and they even stated in this film about requels. This film definitely falls into that category, they still bring in classic characters but set up for new characters to take the spotlight. I have already seen that a Scream 6 is Slated to come out and I am not very excited with that just due to how this film ended and the story line they built for future installments. If you are a fan of this Franchise, it will definitely hit satisfaction, but I would come to believe you will feel the same way as i have about the future of this series."
"271" "Good kills, cool cameos. That is it. The dialogue is trash, the characters SUCK, and there are so many things that happen that are so stupid or just completely irrational, that this feels more unrealistic than part 3. It has fun moments, but as a film it is awful."
"272" "It's ok but I can't take ghostface seriously after Scary Movie. Ironically they mention wokeness in Stab 8 while sticking in token lesbians in Scream. Courtney Coxes botox face is more scary to be honest. Average at best and just cashing in on lack of ideas from Hollywood."
"273" "Scream is the fifth film in the Scream film series and is directed by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett, who also co-directed the films Ready or Not and Devil's Due.Eleven years after the many murders in Woodsbro by the masked Ghostface killer, new victims are emerging in Woodsbro. When Tara Carpenter (Jenna Ortega) is hospitalized by the Ghostface killer, her sister Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) decides to investigate herself. To do this, she interrogates local teens from her sister's group of friends and enlists the help of old-timers from Woodsbro, who are familiar with the history of the Ghostface killer. For example, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) and Dewey Riley (David Arquette) return to Woodsbro to help stop and expose this new Ghostface killer.The four previous Scream films were all done by director Wes Craven, who wanted to celebrate the horror genre with the original Scream film. He did this together with writer Kevin Williamson by exposing the clichÃ©s from the well-known horror film and playing with them in a more comical way. She also used trivial questions about other horror movies, or made references after them. Viewers themselves recognized this or could try to answer the questions themselves.Wes Craven has sadly passed away and Kevin Williamson will only return as producer for this new Scream movie. This gave Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett a little more freedom to make this fifth Scream movie in their own way. Still, she tried to keep it familiar to fans of the film series. With Ready or Not, the two knew how to play with the horror comedy genre, but they chose to make their Scream film a bit darker and more brutal. The comedy aspect is somewhat overshadowed by this. Because of this, this film seems to have become a bit more entertaining for the new generation and furthermore for fans of slasher films. They know how to portray the film as Scream fans are used to from the previous films. Because of this they lose some of their original freedoms, because for Scream fans it can seem so familiar, or also a bit repetitive. In addition, the writing also comes across as somewhat recycled.The film is also promoted somewhat falsely, because the trailers make it seem that this new Scream film is about the well-known film cast from the previous films. Ultimately, the film is more about the new group of friends trying to guess which one of them is the Ghostface Killer. The cast members from the original Scream films play more important cameos in this new Scream film. Despite the fact that they do get their roles back on track for a fifth time, it can be a shame for fans of the previous films that so little use is made of their time in the film. The new cast members also play their roles well in this new film, which makes you suspect everyone of being the Ghostface Killer. Compared to the previous Scream films, the ultimate perpetrator of the Ghostface murders has a less strong reason for his brutal actions. This can be a bit disappointing for some viewers, especially if they are familiar with the previous Scream films."
"274" "I had such high hopes and expectations but they were absolutely demolished due to the storyline, acting and most importantly the ending! The killer reveal was an absolute joke, my girlfriend and I predicted who it might have been almost immediately.The best part of the film was the brutal murders, the gore was the best out of the whole franchise. I could have made a much better killer reveal and done a much better storyline, it felt rushed and didn't feel like there was an actual plan for the movie.If there is a Scream 6 or another \"scream\" I hope the director's read through these reviews and make it exactly how the fans want it, no messing around and no trying to be different, just stay true to the director's."
"275" "Don't need to know anything else. Just go and see it!!!! The first act is a little rough but when it gets going... it gets going! Anyone who can genuinely say they didn't like it did not watch the same film i did. Standouts: jenna ortega and jasmin savoy brown. They are AMAZING. The og3 are ofcourse amazing and i think this is dewey's best showing ever. Melissa barrera tho... not good."
"276" "Never watched so silly a movie before. This crap makes me angry. Don't waste your time and money. I still don't understand why nobody in the hospital."
"277" "The way ghostface kill people doesn't make sense, 3 people should had possible to fight to defense from ghostface attack. The most dominant thing on this movie onlye shocking sound ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£. The scenario very unnatural."
"278" "There is a new movie trope where a franchise will sit dormant for years and then suddenly make a new movie and slowly introduce original actors playing the original characters and for some reason they haven't spoken to each other in a long time. That's a big thing in this movie as well setting up a ton of jump scares that never actually happen. It's to a point that it gets annoying quickly. The other annoying part is throughout most of the movie they make references to horror movie tropes and then fall for them anyway. Otherwise it's a call back to 90s slasher but with irritating millennials. It's a mediocre movie at best."
"279" "Weak writing and even weaker acting. The characters are paper thin and this entire movie was rather pointless and unoriginal. I will say that it was inspiring, however: it inspired me to create this imdb account and come on here to warn everyone how bad it was. Someone please stab this franchise dead."
"280" "I've watched all the films in the Scream franchise and have a high level of respect and admiration for each of them. To sum it up, it is because of the quality of the films, the story, the characters and what they had to say. This film fails where the others strive. It has terrible and annoying characters, lackluster twists, and the inability to say anything worthwhile within an era of redefining horror. The high school stereotypes and they're dialogue is cringe inducing and none of them grabbed my attention as much as the originals. If there's a positive, it's the returning characters, but even they are relegated to glorified cameos and nothing to truly offer the story. Although the previous films were not masterpieces, except for the first and fourth, they proved their worth by the quality of their presentations. This film is a complete disservice and sadly fails in my opinion."
"281" "This is a 0 for me. Everything wrong with todays movies and scripts in one place.Biggest insult is putting \"For Wes\" at the end, the man is rolling in his grave.Fact: if you mock something before everybody else mocks you for being/doing the same thing, it is not clever, you are just a hypocrite. And not a very smart one.Jack should make smarter choices with accepting roles. And I'll guess we'll see Mikey in everything in the next couple of years. Hollywood loves putting that kind of faces on everything."
"282" "4 out of 5 stars.Scream is a bloody fun slasher film that is one of the best in the series since the first two films. The fourth one was good too. Scream is a requel like movie were the characters even reference movies that are requel which is a reboot with a sequel concept. Where sequels have disappointed and fans are hoping the reboot would go back to the original feel.The film opens with another killer sequence. Tara (Jenna Ortega) answering a phone call with a killer asking a horror movie trivia. And a bloody face off which sets things in motion. Tara's oldest sister Sam (Melissa Barrera) comes back into town trying to stop her friends and family from being attacked by the ghost face killer. She will need the help from Dewey (David Arquette) and Gale (Courtney Cox) and Sydney (Neve Campbell).The film plays with the concept of characters trying to figure out who the killer is and the motives behind these murders. Which is a lot of fun. And it does keep you guessing until the end. The surprise twist with the killer was not a bad choice. The film is more thrilling and bloody with its kills compared to previous films.The cast ensemble is good. Melissa Barrera is great with the new lead role. Jenna Ortega is adorable with the performance but was sad to see her facing the threats. Jack Quaid was good along with Mason Gooding and Dylan Minnette. Mikey Madison and Sonia Ben Ammar were good. David Arquette, Courtney Cox, and Neve Campbell spent more time on the sideline in this film. Letting the story flow with the new characters.The film does have some references leading back to the original. Which was an interesting take.The one thing the film does suffer like all slasher films. The script and direction try to play it smart with its thriller. The characters do make stupid decisions even when they know the horror movie killer rules. Like always aim for the killers head when down. Never get close when they are down. The characters fail there own movie rules and meets there bloody fate.Overall, Scream is a good thriller and it does take it in a new direction with a new cast. Its bloody and the body counts are gory. Even when the direction tries to be smart but fails with its own rules."
"283" "Bumpy, but Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett's 'Scream' is killing it as both homage and continuation to the iconic horror franchise. Stylish, brutal, and a third act that absolutely slays it. Bloody good time!"
"284" "Requels: Going back to the original source and making it better instead of ridiculous. I think we are at the stage where the fans get what they want. Scream went back and brought forth the old characters, along with some new characters.This movie brought up some brutal kills, uncovering the secrets of the past, and eventually leading them up until the third act. In a way I felt the movie was predictable but I like how they brought back old characters just to give some closure.The only thing I hate is that the characters sometimes don't listen to their rules and just be a jerk.It's good Requel movie."
"285" "Terrible acting. Terrible dialogue. Terrible plotting. Terribly predictable. Terribly self aware. And a surprisingly large number of terrible hairstyles. Terrible. Just terrible. Lazy lazy lazy filmmaking. They're so lazy, they couldn't even be bothered to add a \"5\" to the title. This holds a 7.4 on IMDB at the moment. I predict a sub 6.5 at least by the end of the month."
"286" "LIKES:The Pace: As the movie jokes, there are horror movies that are elevated, artistic twists and outlooks that try to go surreal and advanced to tell the tale, than the usual tricks. It's nice to have a little variety, but these films can sometimes be slow and tedious in their attempts to scare us. However, Scream is all about getting into the thrills and number five does not hesitate to dump you back into Ghostface's ritual of torment to kill, maim, and get the town abuzz with fright. Once the momentum starts, it never is lost (though a bit tripped) as they continue to find the identity of the latest generation of serial killer to plague their neighborhood. It keeps the kills, mystery, and antics alive, entertains, and yet still fleshes out the story and characters better than other horror remakes have tried.The Acting: Horror movies aren't' really known for Oscar worthy performances that will blow your mind and resonate as the most amazing performance. However, for this genre, the cast has accomplished much in regards to bringing the terror, the anguish, and the dedication to getting out of the hung alive. Neve Campbell, when on screen, returns with the class, attitude, and compassion her character has always been known for, but aged like a fine wine and relevant. Courteney Cox has the same attitude Gale always did, but the vulnerabilities and core we know she has getting its place and still feeling like an aged Gale. Arquette's probably the best of the classic characters, and holds the same tortured Dewey we know him to be, but somehow again elevating the hurt and attitude he holds, into a new stage that is welcoming. The classic actors reprise the roles well and their chemistry is fantastic with the new class who is taking on the torch of the series. Melissa Barrera is the main new cast person who comes to join the group, and I liked the direction she and the director took with the character to add some spunk and complications to a normally vanilla role. Barrera has a lot of the screen time and chemistry with much of the new cast and I liked how natural it felt to cross the lanes she had too. There are more performances to acknowledge, but less time, so let me move on by saying they did the roles justice for the fun run on horror that this series demands.The Comedy Is Clever And Fitting: Scream has always known how to poke fun at the tropes and memes of the horror genre and do it with class and balance. Surprisingly, the fifth installment was very funny, in the clever use and timing of the insults it had to bring out, and yet keeping it in check with the variety and magnitude of the insult. Some of the jokes poke at how ridiculous certain concepts of horror movies are and how they have been taken too far. Other jokes are all about insulting the modern times, primarily the fandom and how much of a war the entertainment business has become, addressing both sides of the argument in a decent manner. And sometimes, the movie just pokes fun at the characters in general, with well-timed comedy that feels natural and a part of the atmosphere this series holds. It's a shining tribute to understanding the series, and impressive to have this balance given the potential to go too far as movies do these days.The Kills: On one level, the kills are exactly the type you expect from this movie series, and keeping Ghostface's exploitations as kooky and familiar as ever. It again is respect to the series, but managing to alter it and help add some refreshing strategy to the master serial killer legacy that this movie holds in spirit. What this movie accomplishes is somehow managing to bring back some stakes, add some emotional levels to it, and make me care about the victims again. That's a big victory in my book, and having a purpose to freshen up the usual jump scare/horror tricks accomplishes the fresh paint on the classic they were trying to achieve.The Balance Between Old and New: This day and age is all about artists and fans struggling to find agreement to making a franchise or movie work as old and new try to find ground. Scream, outside of joking about it, managed to actually find the balance between old and new, and made it look so simple and easy. It respected the old franchise and the token rules and tropes that this movie franchise has held dear for so long. Then, to add the layers to the movie that are relevant to the new age so naturally, acknowledging check boxes without letting them take over the movie and undermine the story. It's a beautiful marriage of the two worlds, and kept the theme of the fun horror movie that we came to see. This accomplishment is nice to see in the age of current entertainment venues at this time.DISLIKES:The Dialogue At Times: There are clever insults and some good dialogue about the nature of the world and story. However, there are still sometimes where the dialogue is kind of stupid, lazy, and a bit too aggressive down the lines of joking. If you know my reviews, the use of the F word may have been \"realistic\", but it goes a little too far for my liking where the spice it can bring became bland and kind of boring.More Time With Classic Characters: A tough challenge to achieve in the nature of the story, Scream did try to keep old and new worlds together in adequate time. With Dewey, that balance is very well achieved, but the other two I would have liked more involvement in the cracking of the case. It's not that they did not do anything, but I felt there was more time in the trenches for them to spend as they cracked the case of who was killing whom. In addition, there could have been some more heartfelt and touching moments that I like in the movie and the potential for facing the malice of Ghostface and the empire created from him.The Ending A Bit Rushed/Imbalanced Scream has always had this limitation for me, outside of the first one, where they seem to rush to the ending and haphazardly try to eliminate characters and keep the reveal out a little longer. The same thing happened in this film and I kind of felt with the characters we were developing, there was more to be had with using the characters in a smarter moment. Experts in horror movies, tough kids with strength to throw the killers for a loop, and other competent people sort of got diluted and quickly became the typical bait Even the main girl has some issues and I felt there was more to balance, but in the end was merely brought back into play and left as a possible curtain to the next movie.The Blood of The Kills In the 90s, the kills were cheesy, the tone lighter, and though an R rated movie was much less vicious than this one. Scream's fifth installment is a gorey mess, and the camera's do not pan, filter, or soften the blow of death by any means. This slasher is vicious, and is happy to give you a full frontal display of the maiming that sensitive viewers will not have the stomach for. And rather than a simple slash or stab, the movie is big on showing the slow insertion of the knife into various viscera, that might be a bit too much for some. I'll admit there were times I was a little grossed out, but there were two in my audience I could see, both younger, a little paler after thee moments.The VERDICT: Scream 5 has accomplished much in the reintroduction of the series and has me excited for the future if this director continues to explore the avenues he opened up. It's emotional, surprisingly, but never deviating from the formula that made this series the signature slasher it was. The comedy is very funny and very balanced, utilizing multiple styles/material to poke fun at, but again never to the point of offsetting the entertaining pace and themes of the movie. Sure it's predictable, and the characters need a little more time and integration (primarily the old) to get the full ride you might be hoping for. And yet, the marriage of the old and new is surprisingly balanced and fun to accomplish the goals. Where the movie does have some limitations is some of the forced writing, a bit of the imbalanced and rushed ending, and of course, a little vicious with the kills that were one tamer during the censorship of the 90s. Overall though, Scream 5 gets two thumbs up for slashers, and is definitely worthy of a trip to the theater if at all possible. Hopefully the momentum will be carried further for future movies, but if not this was a great movie to try and bring Scream into the modern era."
"287" "I am die hard Scream fan and this garbage does not deserve the name or the Wes in memoriam. Wes Craven is rolling over in his grave at the mockery this film made of the last 4 films. Beyond the opening scene and the heroine's last line to the killer, this film had little to redeem itself and took itself entirely too seriously from the minute it cuts to black from the title."
"288" "No story, no acting, nothing interesting except ruining memories of old movies.Seriously, wtf happened to the movies industry?This movie is just sad."
"289" "SCREAM (2022) *** Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, Melissa Barrera, Jack Quaid, Mikey Madison, Jenna Ortega, Dylan Minnette, Jasmin Savoy Brown, Mason Gooding, Sonia Ammar, Marley Shelton, Heather Matarazzo (Cameo: Skeet Ulrich) New blood is pumped - and squirted by the buckets - into the slasher meta franchise this time with some fresh-faced potential victims including the daughter of the late, great Billy Loomis and reunites the trifecta of Sidney Prescott, Gale Weathers and Dewey Riley (welcome back Neve, Court & Dave - the latter showing some surprising gravitas). With a knowing wink screenplay by James Vanderbilt & Guy Busick and able direction by the team of Matt Bettinelli-Olpin & Tyler Gillett (READY OR NOT) the film manages to be open season for its audience with some cool kills and enough twists to keep things lively."
"290" "In this latest Scream movie, teen Tara (Jenna Ortega) tells Ghostface that her favourite horror movie is The Babadook, and later waxes lyrical about elevated horror films such as The VVitch and Hereditary. In another scene, one of her friends exclaims 'Jordan Peele rules!' to which others nod in agreement (they also discuss the concept of the 'requel', a term guaranteed to irk anyone over 30). I was looking forward to them all dying, and die a lot of them do! Yay!Tara, however, survives the opening attack by the franchise's masked maniac, which brings her estranged older sister Sam (Melissa Barrera) back to Woodsboro, along with a few familiar characters, to try and figure out which of Tara's friends is the psycho.Scream '22 seems to have got a lot of fans of the series in a bit of a tizzy, but I had much more fun with this latest movie in Wes Craven's popular series than I did with parts 3 & 4, both of which sucked big time: directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett enjoy playing with genre tropes and toying with their viewers' expectations (notice the excess of opening and closing of doors in one scene that results in absolutely nothing), but they're not afraid of getting seriously nasty when necessary, with characters stabbed not once, but multiple times, leading to a lot of claret drenching the screen. They also don't mind bumping off one of the franchise's major characters (which could be why so many long-time Scream fans have got their panties in a bunch).The final act, in which everyone who hasn't already been stabbed gets stabbed (or shot, or both), is a blast, and I really enjoyed the reason behind the killings - it's all so goofy."
"291" "Predictable and a bit cringe. The characters even acknowledge that the movie is a far stretch and it only seems to get worse as the movie progresses. Wes Craven would be disappointed."
"292" "Do the makers of this sequel really think that the people watching are dumb? If they do, i am really offended. Cause high rating of this movie doesn't justify the brain cells of people giving those rating. I need assurance of intelligence from the humans but reviewers have disappointed me.So many errors, poor storyline, poor direction and screenplay... what else is remaining is acting which was absolutely poor as well!"
"293" "This rendition of the masterpiece that Wes Craven put together more than 25 years ago was absolutely horrendous. From the extremely weak screenwriting to the C-list acting....and laughable effort to make the audience jump, this was nearly 2 hours I will not get back. I say nearly 2 hours as I had to walk out during the conclusion of this film. How did this movie get through the editing phase and the pre-screening process?"
"294" "This was very entertaining and it kept me engaged the whole time. I honestly haven't felt that way in awhile and maybe it's because I grew up with these movies and the nostalgia brings me back home again. I think the writers and directors were amazing. Neve Campbell truly is an underrated actress and was amazing in this, I also thought the two girls who played Tara and Amber were very good, as well as the twin sister: very good acting from those three girls. However, the leads acting was a little \"acty\" and some scenes felt almost verging on soap opera which was fine but a little meh. I loved the tone, music, and the best thing they brought back was a character from the 1996 original (I won't say who as it's a spoiler but the SFX team did a great job, it's crazy what technology can do these days). A little annoyed with the nepotism of casting celebrities kids NGL and not a fan of Mason Gooding. Also, Marley Shelton is very annoying, I'm sorry, I want to like her but she's so cartoonish and one of the worst actors in the 4th one (which I hated) because it was so goofy. This movie actually brought back the excitement of the first 2 and wasn't predictable. Visually great and just good writers and directing. The finale was awesome, added in some great touches. I gave this a 9 because it was fun and I had a good time. Also funny thing, that speech at the end about filmmakers not caring about the fans really made me think of Dexter: New Blood and how that finale upset so many of us this past week."
"295" "I just want to say that I was really excited for this film until I seen the trailer lol, however it turned out much better than expected. I just feel the story is a bit mehwhat I do want to mention and want to give a seriously huge special props to is the actress who plays the young sister is absolutely incredible with her acting seriously well done! Shame i cringed her with the cheesey one liner to end the film as a bitter sweet cherry on topAlso the kill seems were pretty decent so I'm really not mad at this film the story just wasn't very convincing."
"296" "This movie felt like a total remake of the first movie. The reveal of the killers did not excite me at all. After that I didn't appreciate all the nods to the first film. This movie is the definition of a cash grab for me."
"297" "The end was a joke two of the women were stabbed and the other with a shot and they leave the house in the most perfect conditions. I don't know whether to be angry or laugh."
"298" "When the announcement of a new Scream was made official, I was instantly excited. The franchise that brought me into the world of horror is continuing their story, and my head just started with every possible scenario of the direction it would go. It was hard to think about how this film would work without Wes Craven in the director's chair, but the Radio Silence team of Matt Bettinelli-Olphin and Tyler Gillett paid tribute to the late director and brought a new generation to the streets of Woodsboro.The town of Woodsboro is no stranger to violence. Twenty-five years ago, Ghostface went on a killing spree that left the quiet town in shock. Now, a new generation is being tormented by the masked murderer. With the group knowing how the previous events played out, they turn to the original survivors to bring down the killer once and for all.In the era of reboots and sequels, adding another Scream film to the franchise could be a massive undertaking, especially without franchise staple Wes Craven. The fan base from the original trilogy accepted the fourth installment, yet still, not all were on board. The team behind the latest outing crafted a plausible scenario to bring the iconic slasher out of retirement and into havoc. The cinematography keeps the camera moving and twirling to make the audience feel uneasy, and the level of gore and violence is relentless.The new cast is reminiscent of the origin gang, filling out all of the archetypal characters that make up the modern slasher film. Each actor left their actions open-ended, which leaves you guessing if one of them could be the killer. The original cast, Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, and David Arquette, are the true heart and soul of this film. It could be a touch of nostalgia, but seeing the familiar faces lets you know the stakes are high and we're in for a ride.There are some creative choices that are going to divide audiences, and that's not necessarily a bad thing for this film. It will open up discussions and make it a must-see. There is one decision that I did not care for and felt could have been left on the cutting room floor. While the acting is good across the board, a few performances didn't land with me, but I was able to see past that and enjoy the ride I was on.When you step back and look at the final product, this film just works. There is a realism to some well-crafted set pieces that makes this feel like the real world. When trying to weave the past and present and possibly set up future installments of the franchise, it is a delicate situation, and Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett capture the hearts of old fans while enlisting a new generation of fans. With the return of Ghostface, no one is truly safe."
"299" "Was extremely disappointed.. very predictable and terrible storyline and ending. Tired and sick of all these fan-fiction wannabe retro movies.I definitely prefer the first scream Movie..."
"300" "Bad directing with a very very bad script.Not to mention the really bad acting of the young ones.Its a shame and unfair for the old cast to play in this film."
"301" "The scream movies have always included why movies in the horror genre fall to all the same tropes.The biggest problem is, this movie does all the things those movies do...except now, its for the fifth time.It just feels like it's trying too hard to be a proper sequel and reboot with the main cast returning while new characters are spouting stuff on what makes a good sequel. It's way too meta and self aware at this point, but also feels like a cheap parody."
"302" "Liked it but couldn't help feeling disappointed. No way is this as good as the original. How can it be?The first one was fresh and original. I This one felt stale and redundant.Kevin Williamson was the man back then. Let's not forget that. I And where's the trade mark humor that this franchise is known for?With that being said I would like do like it more than scream 3 and 4."
"303" "I was always debating on whether the halloween franchise is better or the scream franchise, now i have realised that the scream franchise is better and more of a classic. When people think of horror movies, they automatically think of scream, this film is one of the best in the franchise after the first one. I know everyone is saying this but, Wes would be so proud of how far this franchise is and how much loved it has achieved, so well deserved."
"304" "After watching this.last Scream. I can honestly say it's time to stop. This one was truly awful! Bad script,bad plot. It's time to bury the franchise or let it rest for 20yrs or so before and then do a remake...."
"305" "Aren't you tired watching the same crap....well i do....nothing new to see here....same old lunatic killers, same old stupid choices from the good guys, like leaving without taking the killers weapons or not finishing the kill....2 stars instead of 1 because of the multiple hotties starring in this garbage...i mean , did they have a beauty contest instead of a casting???"
"306" "Holy S***! I just left the theatre and WOW, this movie straight up delivers. If you're a fan of the franchise, you will love this. So many kills that I didn't expect, laughed over and over again, had to hold myself back from crying more than once.. it's a roller coaster of emotions and the performances are top notch! Spend the $10 and go see this movie - you will not be disappointed!"
"307" "To me this was a great addition to the franchise and certainly worthy of my 8 star rating. If you loved the 1st 4 scream films then this is a must see Highly recommend this film. ."
"308" "America has driven itself to the bottom with feminist woke direction. Yes you can convince Yourself that within the plot they shifted the concept to the fans loyalties rather than the serial killers, but that is the true definition of cliche. Total cash grab with a lot of girls running around."
"309" "As a fan of the original \"Scream\", I knew what I was in for and that is what I received. I do not think the movie is bad, but it is in essence a retread of the first movie. Many of the original cast, mixed with new faces to take the place of already deceased characters, a plot line similar to the original film, and plenty of similar death sequences make Scream (2022) the same as Scream (1996). The biggest surprise for some could be the Ghostface character, but even this is easily anticipated. Some call this a \"requel\", but it is more of a rehash in my opinion. Unlike so many other viewers, I did not walk out of the theater feeling like I'd seen Scream for a new generation, but rather a remake of an original classic."
"310" "Scream aka Scream 5 is the best film in the franchise since the original. The story was wicked, the acting was supurb. The whole movie was a horror film fans dream come true. Bringing the originals back was just fantastic. If this is what movies in 2022 will be like then this will be a great year for movies because this was a hit."
"311" "This is the 5th one. Please make them stop. It's just the same movie. Boring. They will do another one because Courtney Cox's repeat fees from Friends must be running out soon. What has Neve Campbell been in recently Predictable crap."
"312" "As a horror movies fan, slashers are my favorite subgenre, and Scream is definitely my favorite franchise. I think it's the most consistent franchise and this new entry doesn't disappoint. It's clever, and funny, gory, violent, and the kills are really gruesome!It's not perfect, it has some clichÃ©s but it's a slasher, so I don't mind those. Besides that's kinda the point the Scream movies.The opening scene is awesome and very clever! If you're a Scream fan like me, you will definitely enjoy this one as much as the other ones. Definitely worth watching it in theaters!"
"313" "The trailer gave too much away. No Spoilers but i called one death from the trailer and the way you're supposed to be surprised about where they all end up? It's in the trailer ðŸ˜•"
"314" "What a waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the original cast coming back AND THAT'S IT. The new cast is BORING and I didn't care about any of the new characters. The movie is so bad and boring will never watch again and I HOPE THIS IS THE LAST MOVIE!!!!!!!!!! The reveal and motivation of the villain is TERRIBLE. Please don't waste your time."
"315" "I rarely write reviews for what pass as movies these days - but I just couldn't let this one pass. And not even because I care that much about this particular franchise (I'll admit I actually had the most fun with the third movie.) But *this* tripe... Not one genuine emotion. Not fear. Not humor. Not anticipation. Not surprise. Not even sadness when long-lived regulars finally bit it. Although perhaps I did feel hope that the series itself might fall victim to a serial killer - other than, ironically, the studios that bore them. (Speaking of bore... I *did* yawn more than several times. So I suppose maybe I felt something after all?)"
"316" "It was horrible. It can only be watched if this was a parody of the scream movie series. Five minutes past, you can guess who is behind the mask and many unreal scenes making you think what did you watch. My advice, don't waste your time."
"317" "Scream is the best horror/slasher movies of all times.This time they are trying to focus on the new generation and they did it well and I love it , all the characters have great chemistry between each other.The story is great and I love the connection between the original and the new movie.This movie is so classic and it's for all scream fans."
"318" "One of the worst films I have ever seen. The writing was absolutely awful. I can't believe I rented this. So many cliches. This film belongs in the 90s. With all the talented writers and top films/ TV series being made, how did this ever see the light of day?"
"319" "Bad! Boring! Terrible! S&@t! Painful to watch! Please Amazon can you refund my Â£9.99. Hopefully reading this will spare you from the pain we've just through."
"320" "The acting was crappy, the storyline was uninspired, and frankly whoever green lit this thing should be immediately fired. 2 hours of your life you can't ever get back."
"321" "All I can say is I thought I was prepared for this! Heck no was I wrong. When I say this movie delivers, IT DELIVERS! The kills were so brutal and bloody, especially one in particular, I loved it. What's my favorite movie you might ask... SCREAM(5)!!"
"322" "Please stop making these scream flicks, everytime they bring another to the screen I come running because I know it can't get any worse...gotta get better. Sadly... The only way to save this franchise is if SYDNEY and GAIL become the killers."
"323" "No real specifics*Honestly a solid follow up to the original 2, by no means is it better than the original or maybe its sequel. They're completely diving into the so self aware that they're above self aware...and it's just not charming to me. They use it so often it really becomes annoying. I will say one thing about that is they at least try to avoid stereotyping themselves too much, but they still do quite a bit. A couple of the big moments I wouldn't necessarily change but didn't think it quite did it justice.I loved seeing the original cast that they've kept throughout the movies (you can tell some of the cast started out a little rocky with their delivery but nothing terrible). I wasn't the biggest fan of Melissa Barrera's performance on this one, I still think it wasn't bad but nothing special to note (I do think she's gonna become a lot better). I thought Jenny Ortega did very well, I've seen her work before and share thought she did a great job. Another performance to call to attention is Jack Quaid and his character. I thought he delivered well and was funny but not cheesy or too annoying.I didn't hate the movie, if I ever go back through them I'll definitely include it. I'd recommend watching it at least once, it continues the storyline that they've built up over the years and is still very interesting with the few faults here and there."
"324" "Don't get me wrong Scream (5) is an entertaining ride. If you like the Scream films you will probably enjoy this one like I did however it isn't with it's faults and the main problem I have with it is it's not bringing anything new to the franchise. I would argue 1-4 did even with the weaker installments of 3 and 4. Scream (5) however repeats aspects of previous films you can't help when watching it be like \"haven't we seen this before?\".A plus is Ghostface has never been this brutal and menacing as he is in this installment, he does not hold anything back when it comes to really butchering his victims and it makes for some great tense and gory kills.I didn't really care for the new cast, all the characters were kinda bland or character types we've seen before in the franchise, actually there are several characters I don't even remember their names tbh.I found the theme/motive of the killer tacked on in the third act, it actually has a similar message to Scream 4 which brings me to my first point it feels all derivative. Not to mention the killer reveals were pretty predictable.An entertaining watch but doesn't quite live up to Wes Cravens mastery even at his weakest."
"325" "This was one of the worst movie i have seen! It's so silly and so bad that you can hardly believe your eyes. I don't like the original movies either but this is even worse. Everyone is acting stupid."
"326" "Pros: seeing Neve, Courteney and David again looking appropriately aged. Connecting the teens to the original characters from the first movie. And....that's about it Cons: terrible acting from the newcomers, unrealistic script, boring \"climax\", basic plot, no twist.Conclusion: see this movie when it's free and you have nothing else to do or watch. Don't worry if you don't get a chance to see it. You won't miss much."
"327" "DON'T waste you time!I still can't believe this movie has a rating around 7/10!!There must be many fake rater!!This movie is a joke nothing more!!Full of Goffs and mistakes, it's more like funny movie than horror movie!It's worse movie i have seen in 2022 and one of worse movies ever.After watching this year \"SCREAM\" I have decided not watch nest ones no matter how high the rating is."
"328" "How to make the new sequel a great one?This movie give us the answer Quick actions Bloody Exciting story new characters deeply connected with old characters Pay attention of the psychological aspect And as always neve Campbell give us a great performance."
"329" "With some fresh faces running around and the classic stars come back to take on ghostface,sure not the best but still manages to hold ur nerve until the end."
"330" "This show is one of the horrors of the year, as every detail in it is rubbish, the conversations are illogical and very cheap and contain incomprehensible irony, the acting is disgusting from all the crew and directing. Really, there are better YouTube videos than this directing, and the villain has no prestige at all in this disgusting part, so You wanted to clean your eyes of this garbage, go and see the movie \"Fresh\" for this year. It's really clean horror and I think it offers something new for horror lovers. It's a great movie."
"331" "I went into this with the same expectations I did the rest of the franchise. These movies aren't made to be award winners. They are fun slasher films and that's exactly what it was."
"332" "Greetings from Lithuania.Clearing things out off the way - i love the first \"Scream\". I was a teenager when that movie came out, and for a one who was and still is a movie buff / nerd, \"Scream\" was a movie that was on a constant re-watch back then. I was at the right place and at a right time to call that movie a classic today. After first one there were 3 sequels which i wasn't a fan of - they were just OK - not bad ones, but not particularly good ones either unfortunately. And here comes \"Scream 5\" (i will call it for what it really is) some 26 years later after the original (damn i am old!) - and surprise! - it is a best sequel since the original. Or a requel done right - you will know what i mean after seeing it.\"Scream 5\" has so many meta references in it that i lost a count. But those are done right. They were not insulting like in last \"Matrix\" movie - everything in this movie tells that writers and directors of this movie knew exactly what they were doing. I loved to see old characters returning, and i will leave it at this. Also this \"Scream\" was the most bloody and brutal one - this one deserves its R rating yet it does not lean on violence or gore - it knows what this genre is and it plays in it perfectly.Overall, while not finding it perfect, i had a lot of fun with \"Scream 5\". It is the best sequel since the original. It was the most gory one, yet it was also very funny at times and superbly metacritical as well as had a gazillion of meta references - yet they were smart and self aware and on purpose. This is a movie made by movie nerds for those who know what \"Scream\" was - a superb slasher movie that was its self aware. And its one of the best requels out there right now!"
"333" "Coming from a die-hard Scream fan, it's easy to see just how much love the writers, directors, actors, and entire crew put into this movie.Aside from the fact that the original trio was nicely weaved into the story, there are hundreds of callbacks, Easter eggs, voiceovers, and even special guests for fans to get excited for.While Scream takes on a much darker tone, it ultimately succeeds thanks to:-The script.-Taking risks.-Amazing pace.-Crazy 2nd & 3rd acts.-Its rewatchability factor.-Spot-on meta commentary.-The beautiful cinematography.-Brian Tyler's phenomenal score.-A brutal and relentless Ghostface.-A great story that has lot of room for growth.And that's only scratching the surface. While Scream pays a ton of respect for Wes Craven and what he previously created, Radio Silence also added their own flair to this movie, and it worked perfectly.Overall, the wait was more than worth it. Scream is a film that was made by fans, for fans, and I sure as hell hope that Radio Silence gets to work on another sequel."
"334" "I've never been emotional on scream movies, although I didn't finish one of it . But this one, I like Tara's struggle, amber and his brother may be lame according to the first comment , but somehow still, it's good for me."
"335" "This Scream requel is the best in the franchise since the original. Delivering a good blend of scares and meta-humor that is not afraid to piss off its own fan base."
"336" "This is so terrible bad: The screenplay, the actors, the camera. Simply everything. There is no tense, no horror at all. If you want to know whats wrong with Hollywood watch this film."
"337" "I can't believe I wasted my time on this movie. It's bad comedy. They couldn't have made it worse. It's scary how Hollywood has really run out of ideas."
"338" "Waste of time worst movie ever Even my 8 years old niece can kill the killer, I thought is something new and refreshing but is a piece of ðŸ’© only in America can happening."
"339" "While all the criticism of this film is valid, I couldn't help but enjoy the film. I was entertained throughout. It's probably the nostalgia and I am big fan of the film."
"340" "I created an imbd account just to tell people to not waste your money or time on this trash movie. I've never in my life seen something this awful, it was a disgrace to the Scream franchise. The acting was so bad that it was almost comical, the climax to the movie was even worse...I've never seen anything this terrible in all my life."
"341" "Literally sucks so much I could write a thesis on why it's so bad. Literally sucks so much I could write a thesis on why it's so bad. Literally sucks so much I could write a thesis on why it's so bad. Literally sucks so much I could write a thesis on why it's so badLiterally sucks so much I could write a thesis on why it's so bad. Literally sucks so much I could write a thesis on why it's so bad. Couldn't be stuffed writing more. Just want the score to go down cause it does not deserve to be ranked highly."
"342" "After a couple of less than great sequels, they smashed it with this one!Funny, violent, self deprecating, everything it should be.My daughter and I love it."
"343" "I'm genuinely in shock. This movie exceeded my expectations. The cast, the plot, the twist I don't even know where to start. Wes would be so proud of this. Please go and watch as soon as possible. You won't be disappointed."
"344" "Amazing. It's hard to live up to decades of anticipation and expectations but they were well and truly met. Scream 5 drop the 5, was somehow able to do justice to the original while also being fresh. And all without Wes Craven, well done Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett. I thought the legacy cast was used perfectly, just enough to give the new batch a clean stab at it."
"345" "Scream 5 is all I can ask from a Scream film in 2022. If you are expecting the wheel to be reinvented here, something groundbreaking you might be let down. This is a Scream movie and it follows the same pattern as the first four. It feels like a tribute to Wes and in particular the original Scream. We all come for Ghostface and he doesn't disappoint here. This movie features some of the most over the top brutal kills in the franchise. He is indeed ruthless, not just an overreaction from fans. Chatter about the state of horror is at an all time high here, really will please fans of the genre. Just like the original, the beginning and ending are the star here. Tried to keep it very spoiler free or even mention how characters are.Pros/Cons belowPros - Features a ruthless Ghostface. Some of the most violent kills in the franchise, a few new unique kills. Touches on the current state of horror better than maybe all of them. Film feels like a tribute to Wes, you can feel the Directors love for his work. Just the right amount of Dewey, Gale and Sid. Serious vibe at times Strong scriptCons - Questionable acting at times. Pacing issues in middle. Some of the young cast is better than others. Humor not as good as 1-4. Not as fun as Craven/Williamson'sAfter letting the movie wash over me for a while I am pretty impressed. I am putting it above Part 4 right now which has gotten worse to me in repeat viewings. If the franchise ended here, it would go out on a high note. This is a movie that you want to watch again to catch all the lines. It sure feels like one that could get better with time. 7.5/10."
"346" "Wow! Worst one yet! Killed off the 1 good character in this one! Wow! Cast can't act, characters aren't written enough. Lackluster, slow, and boring start to finish. Fire these writers."
"347" "Even without Wes Craven at the helm, this new \"requel\" to the popular Scream franchise brings back all the audience favorites and supplies just enough horror and humor to give it's audience something to scream about.Some of the new cast stand out more than others, but they're a generally enjoyable group to spend time with and the writers and directors know how to play on that fine line between humor and horror while delivering a couple of nice surprises. It can work well as a sequel or as a stand alone film for those unfamiliar with the franchise."
"348" "To be honest , most of this movie felt like it was trying too hard to be different.There are constant references to 'the original' to an almost annoying degree. We get it you are requel but how many times are you gonna mention that explicitly in the movie.There is way too much unnecessary dialogue. It's a slasher movie for Pete's sake.Given the cast of the movie, the characters are severely underused.The Netflix series Scream was a better watch."
"349" "The new Scream is a shallow copy of the original film. It lacks the tension and passion for the horror genre that the original film brought to the table."
"350" "\"Let's face it baby, these days, ya gotta have a sequel!\"Scream, is a requel to the original 1996 film of the same name, and the fifth film in the franchise. The film is cleverly handled by the writers and the directing team. You can feel the love for the series oozing off the screen at every moment.This film has instantly become one of my favorite entries in the series. The cast is wonderful, the kills are brutal, and Ghostface might just be the most menacing he/she/they have been since the original film.Scream isn't scared to point the finger at society and cinema, in the same way that Wes Craven and Kevin Williamson had always done with the franchise. The film delivers allegories on the state of the horror genre, film in general, and the fans that watch them.All said and done, Scream is an awesome, brutal, clever ride. One that I am eager to enjoy again and again.For Wes."
"351" "I have great affinity for the Scream franchise, which makes part 5 all the more disappointing. The biggest issue is the sub-par writing effort. That's certainly not an endorsement of Kevin Williamson being the only person who can write a Scream film, because part 4 is just as bad in that department. I think it boils down to a tired franchise solely dependant on contemporary media conversations. This film has actual conversations that reference \"elevated horror\", and I'm astonished to see so many horror aficionados backing the conjecture in the film. It's lazily written and it immediately took me out of the movie.From that point forward the filmmakers struggle to keep the film focused. New characters are introduced along with returning favorites. The biggest problem is barely any of the new characters are interesting and the script abandons any sense of fun, much like part 4. The backstory and inner thoughts of one of the main characters are particularly ridiculous and impossible not to laugh at.The problem with the film is this - if you think about it for even a few minutes, it completely falls apart. Motivations are too far-fetched and characters behave in a ridiculous manner, which is frustrating for a franchise that built its reputation on subverting horror tropes.I see so much love for this film and I wish I could overlook major flaws. The direction is way off and the film trades the series' wit and humor for brutality and absurd concepts. It's just too much. And like I mentioned earlier, it doesn't have that fun factor to fall back on like some of the other entries. This film tries to have a conversation with the original film and fails miserably.Again, I'm shocked to see the love for this one. I have a feeling time will not be kind to it, or perhaps I'll just remain in the minority. Very disappointing."
"352" "How did Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox get suckered to be in this sticker? Bad story, bad acting, even their woke diverse cast couldn't pull it off. Instead, it added to the overall dread and despair. Every single movie coming out of Hollywood nowadays is terrible. Good thing I don't pay for any of it and I used to go to the movies every other week. Not a penny from me. Dune was an exception."
"353" "It feels fresh. Very tense and the best - after the first one - finding the right tone between comedy and horror, always playing with high stakes. Even if the saga had always been meta, this one reunites itself with the spirit of the first two, commenting and referencing the current state of horror, so it's really funny and relevant for these days.The ghostface reveal surprised me for the first time since the 2nd and I love all the casting, especially Jenna Ortega, Jack Quaid and Jasmin Savoy Brown.More please."
"354" "How many times do you need to say the F word? At first it's childish, then it starts to get annoying. Then it gets to a point where it's hard to even focus on the movie."
"355" "I've seen the whole series. This one is by far the worst. Terrible writing terrible acting. So much stupidity. Can't believe I wasted my time watching."
"356" "Being a huge fan of Scream, for whatever reason I ended up missing all the reviews and trailers for this movie and went on to watch without having seen or heard much about it and absolutely loved it! It was honestly one of the best times I've had in recent years in movies!"
"357" "A sequel to the Scream series, which became one of the most famous horror films of the late 90s, after the untimely departure of its director after 11 years, it is a sequel made to continue its legacy, with its structure very faithful to its own essence, with its wonderful references to all horror cinema and a combination of suspense. The new Scream sequel, as it was adjusted very well compared to the sequel, came out as my favorite production after the first movie in the series, and I was quite surprised by what it could do.In a nutshell, Scream presents us with an average horror movie, with an astonishing level of horror, devotion to its core, and references. While I think that Scream lovers will leave the movie very satisfied and get a taste of No Way Home from the movie, I think that a normal horror movie viewer will be very curious about the series after this movie. It is quite worth seeing."
"358" "Absolutely the most trash movie i have ever watched, do yourself a favor do not spend money or time on this, i almost puked from this. Cringe. Disgusting."
"359" "The 2022 version of \"Scream\" is a film for viewers raised on the 1996 version of \"Scream\" and its three sequels. Whereas the first script by Kevin Williamson turned the kind of conversations that fans had about John Carpenter and Wes Craven in school cafeterias and coffee houses into something daring and riveting, the new script by James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick exists in a world where those conversations happen on a much larger scale in Discord chats, Reddit threads, and fan conventions. It's a horror film for a world in which everyone has an opinion on horror films. Luckily, it smartly balances references to the original movies in a way that (mostly) avoids the self-aware smugness that has killed many a \"re-quel,\" delivering a product that feels consistent with the first four movies but distinct enough to have its own voice. Of course, \"Scream\" opens with a phone call-and, yes, it's still a landline. Once again, a young woman home alone is forced to play movie trivia with a psychopath, but the manner in which this \"Scream\" will update the original is apparent early as Tara Carpenter (Jenna Ortega) says her favorite horror flick isn't a slasher classic but an \"elevated horror\" film like \"The Babadook.\" How we define the horror genre has changed significantly in the last 25 years, as has the relationship between filmmakers, viewers, and even \"true story\" subject matter that creators mine for escapist entertainment. The characters in the new \"Scream\" don't just all have the same genre movie knowledge of the original's Randy Meeks, they would destroy him in a trivia contest. While this may not be a fair game to play, it's impossible not to consider how the film would have differed if Craven had lived to make it himself. I do think that he would have drawn a few better performances from the young cast, who are all good enough but nowhere near as distinctly memorable as the original crew, sometimes leaning into melodramatic emotions in a way that Craven would have dialed down."
"360" "I've been to see all the Scream movies in the cinema. I have all dvds of the movies and I literally have watched the 4 films again and again over the years. I genuinely enjoyed the previous 4 films but Scream 2022 was an odd watch. Apart from the 3 original cast members and Jack Quaid I really didn't like any of the cast. They really picked the most unlikeable people. The girl who is in Better Things is absolutely a terrible actress and the most unlikeable out of them all.When the film first started for the first hour it was so odd. No atmosphere at all. It was like watching a strange tv show and I kept looking at my watch.It pains me to say but I won't be seeing this again and I think it's time to put the film series to an end. It does have some good kills but for the first time in the series of movies I actually enjoyed seeing these unlikeable characters sliced and diced.Of course Neve and Courtney were excellent as always despite the very little time they were on screen.Not going to give any spoilers but if you are a die hard fan I wouldn't recommend as it brings very little to the franchise.I'm giving 6 out of 10 but in reality it's not even a 5 out of 10."
"361" "I am a very big fan of all the Scream movies and especially of the cast. So, naturally I had big expectations for this one and have been waiting to see it since they announced it in 2020.And I am very, very pleased. The story obviously follows more the new characters, a.k.a. The younger generation, however they have perfectly managed to give life to the old characters as well - Sidney, Gale and Dewey, and in my opinion the three of them make the whole movie what it is. After all, without them this whole franchise is nothing. The script was very good, with some twists and humour and of course they gave Neve and Courteney their traditional sarcasm from the old movies, which we know so well.This is a solid 10/10 for me, as is every other Scream movie. Not because they are flawless, but because they are classics, the characters are very likeable and because I can watch every single movie again and again, without getting bored, this one including."
"362" "Save yourself some time. Avoid this movie! The bunch of friends where so irritating and the constant rehashing of slasher movie ''rules'', urgh... get over yourself already! The end scenes are anti-climatic and so ridiculous it's laughable. This is a comedy movie. A waste of time movie. One that didn't need being made."
"363" "Overall a disappointing entry into the Scream franchise. Left more questions than it answered, no suspense, lots of inconsistencies, a dragging pace, poor acting performances, no character development, unlikable characters, and lacks any fun of a slasher. I'd recommend waiting for it to come to streaming."
"364" "Nothing new to see here, but without giving it away it just seems like they pick a character or 2 at random from the script and that person or persons are the killer(s). Doesn't matter how short, tall, skinny, weak, old, young.... Just believe whoever they randomly pick is strong enough to attack even stronger people and kill them. Sure why not?"
"365" "Not a great film, the ones giving it high ratings aren't true fans and are just a$$holes that don't really know any better and probably weren't even alive when the original came out haha.For those saying that true fans will love this film, all I can say is hahahaha."
"366" "\"Scream\" (5) isn't a bad movie. In fact, it's sometimes very smart and approaches the past of the series with a lot of respect, references and homages. Acting is pretty decent and there are some funny moments sprinkled throughout. It isn't scary, but these movies were never meant to be true horror movies in a sense that they scare. Where this movie isn't good and proves it isn't a masterpiece is it's pacing in my opinion. Some scenes are too long. People talk a lot and there is a lot of character building, possibly in a try to make new Sidney Prescott out of some new female character. At one point I began being scared if this movie was going to be a case of bait and switch because for a half an hour you won't see any of the original characters. Also, the gore is more intense, which isn't a surprise considering who is directing the movie, but it really isn't necessary. \"Scream\" (5) is, more than anything else, a testament to the genius of Wes Craven, because the man made a formula that can exist as long as there exist new horror movies. It won't disappoint the fans, but it will leave them with a sour taste in their mouths. Why? Because, after this one, I have a pretty bad feeling that things can go only downwards from the franchise. They waited 10 years before making this one. Let's hope they don't try to milk the franchise more than they are already doing this way. A careful 7/10 for the fans. People who don't like the franchise, avoid it, there's nothing here to win you over."
"367" "A sequel more than 10 years after its predecessor and 25 years after the original... a lot could have gone wrong, but somehow it all went right.I love the story. It has everything you could want from a Scream film. A good mystery, a fun collection of characters, and one of the best reveals / killer motivations in the franchise in my opinion. So meta, so fun, and so well executed.In fact this instalment takes all of the meta references to a new level which is so fun. I think the script is maybe the best out of all of the films for this reason.Horror fans will have a lot to enjoy here as the body horror and gore is really dialled up. There is some very gruesome injury detail which had the cinema wincing and gasping. As always there's a bit of a reliance on jumpscares, but somehow they pull it off and it just works, fitting neatly with the tone of the film.The acting is solid from new cast members like Jack Quaid and Melissa Barrera, and its a joy to see the return of iconic characters like Sidney, Gale and Dewy.This is easily the second best Scream film, and in my opinion it comes very very close to the quality of the original. A triumph and a huge return to form for the iconic franchise."
"368" "You felt the knife this time around. A play on current fandom. Scream takes a stab at the \"Requel\" trope, and to be honest they nailed it. At times this film felt like a 90s flick aestheticly speaking. The cinematographer did a great job. Did they shoot this movie on film? Shocking callbacks. I did pick out the killer/killers early on. Only because I've been watching these movies for years. However there were times I was second guessing my choices. It was nice to have the original cast return. Not a fan of how some of the OG'S were handled as they didnt get much time together, but they were used in a smart way. They aren't the stars this time around so I get it. The new cast was also fresh. With the same tropes applied to a new generation. I did feel like the comradery between the friend group wasnt established enough. Just trying to understand who everyone was, and what exactly they had to offer this story was kind of jumbled. The first Scream you knew exactly who everyone was, and every single person had a moment to exhibit who their character was. It's what made them iconic. This cast was stacked so I can imagine how hard it is to juggle everyone's story. Overall this is a great addition to the legacy Wes Craven created."
"369" "There was too much emphasis on being woke then being good. I appreciated much of the OG elements and the acting was great- but the plot collectively did not transition smooth - thus making the movie not great, but good."
"370" "Decent build up but holy hell it went downhill from there. I know it's a trope for characters to do stupid things in \"horror\" movies but wow. Not to mention how surroundings alter to create tension. An empty hospital during midday?! A killing in the walkway of a house in broad daylight, no passing cars, neighbors, inbound cops? A house party with no one outside?? Just so dumb. Between this and Halloween Kills, the real horror is how I'm now scared to watch sequels to the movies I loved as a kid. Sheesh!1 stars for sound editing and 1 star for the best character in the film being a ghost."
"371" "They say, It's a re-quel because it isn't just a sequel and doesn't reboot the original either but hangs closer to the first one than to the rest of the series... Tomato tomato. But does it work? I kinda liked it. Maybe I go down a notch with my vote in a few days because it fails to bring something really new to the table. But the rest is quite entertaining. And hey, it brings Scream back. And it's a requel. Isn't that enough?"
"372" "It was too much like the original. The acting & lines of some of the characters was so cringe & bad. None of the new characters were likeable in any way. I was glad to see Sydney, Gale, & Dewey but they just looked so burnt out & done. Just so disappointed & I really wanted to like it."
"373" "In a LOT of ways this is better than the original which doesn't speak all that great for the original. BUT I was surprised how much more self aware this one was. In the original there are a lot of references to movies, which if you are a fan of horror, understand the tropes. The smart thing this one does is acknowledge those of us who thought OG \"Scream\" was derivative, this is smarter than that.I always thought Wes Craven held a tiny bit of contempt for horror fans. And it seems this plays into that. Especially when it comes to what people consider horror now. The writers here aren't wrong. They're pretentious snooze-fests which (pun intended) killed the slasher. Slashers became tiresome to psychological horror. Which is a shame. There is a melancholy to this flick since it reminds you how long ago it all was. And how my age group has been sidelined in the appearances of Gale Weathers and Sidney Prescott. They seem bored of the nonsense that follows them. I won't give away the surprises but will say, original characters must be dealt with. And it saddens me that in future installments more will be disposed of. It's the only way it will survive. It is sad how they have to stretch the movie world more and more into the franchise. It is what it is known for. A solid entry in a tired world. I do really like that there is a spin that brings the relationships full circle. A nod to \"Halloween\" (1978) in a way.I find it also funny that now Courtney Cox's face resembles the ghostface masked. But that's unnecessarily mean and I'm sorry."
"374" "This movie was everything I hoped it would be. Everything was done with such respect to the Original. The old and the new Cast worked really well together. Also the humour and the scarieness was always in the best balance possible.I loved it!"
"375" "I see these glowing reviews and high ratings and I wonder if I saw a different movie than everyone else. There's no plot. At the end when they reveal the killer, you feel like they choose one at random. It could have been any other person and had the same impact. This movie commits the same tired cliches it made fun of in the original, but this time it's just part of the script. Who shoots a killer and then runs away? You have a gun. He's down. Presumably dead. Shoot him many more times or at least take his mask off real quick so if he's not dead, you'll know going forward. If you think he's dead, why are you fleeing from a dead body? If you don't think he's dead, why aren't you shooting him more?The characters are all unlikeable teens. They roll their eyes, cling to their phones, and try to sound intellectual. I was looking forward to their deaths. And what is up with Courtney Cox's face? She's 57 but she looks 157. She looks like if Kaitlin Jenner were in a car accident. And why is the jock trying so hard to sound like Ryan Phillipe? And stop trying so hard to be progressive. I get it. The side character is a lesbian. Who cares? What does that have to do with anything? This is the era of disappointing classic movie remakes.There were only two good things in this entire movie:1. The guy who played \"Billy\" gave quite an impressive performance2. A cameo by Kill Count's James A. Janisse basically crapping all over the Scream franchise (and rightly so)"
"376" "An intoxicatingly healthy dose of scares and tension that movie lovers can't flee from. A refreshing requel revisiting the legendary franchise history. A vintage experience with the crisp flavour of remodeling."
"377" "Scream was one of my childhood favourite horror! What a let down. Watched it with my partner and he said that it's one of the worst movie he has watched. Boring show! It started well in the first scene but it just goes downhill from there. Lots of unnecessary dialogue and the suspense is just subpar!I am a big horror fan and have watched many different horror movies. I know what's a good horror show and this is definitely not it. Not sure what's with the high rating of 7+? It's so bad that it warrants me to write my first review. Give it a miss."
"378" "The first 2 Scream films were good but got progressively worst.The tradition continues.It's nice to see the original cast doing their thing but they can't save this abysmal effort. Wes would not approve.The original was the best. This one is the worst."
"379" "My initial first review said that the film was too fast paced and that it left no room for character development. I gave it a 6 and said it was meh.After watching it a second time today I was actually to grasp the story and the new characters stories, and now I'm giving it a third watch and I love it.It's definitely a film that needs a few watches to really appreciate what they have done with the story and the setup.It's probably the second or third best in the franchise. It's a fan tossup between this entry and Scream 2."
"380" "The Good: If Meta commentary annoys you, this movie certainly will. But unlike The Matrix 4, which felt like it hated itself, Scream's clever insight into contemporary horror and its unambiguous statements of intent feel appropriate. It's clearly made by people who know and love the horror genre, but are also self-aware about the \"sort of movie\" they're making. So instead of just a wink-wink and the audience and attempts to subvert expectations, they opted for a classic, straightforward slasher.And it works, for the most part. Scream 5 feels like the first time in a while where the horror aspect of the series is elevated above everything else. This film has some of the best shots and well constructed scenes of any of the franchise.Ghostface, as they comment on, is an interesting horror villain. Despite a different character donning the mask and outfit every movie, Ghostface is a consistent character himself. It doesn't matter who dons the costume, they should be Ghostface. And aside from the first, I don't know if he's ever been as menacing or scary as in this movie.But hey, even Ghostface's unwitting victims are pretty good in this one. Scream has never been bad at giving us fun, memorable characters and this movie lives up to the legacy very well. Most of the performances are top notch and it seems like every actor gets a moment to shine. There are some standouts though:Melissa Barerra and Jenna Ortega have really genuine chemistry and the film; you immediately understand that their relationship is complicated from the get-go. Ortega in particular is fantastic, her performance is so raw and emotive. Jack Quaid, Mikey Madison, and hell, even 13 Reasons Why guy are really good here. Everyone is, honestly.But David Arquette gives easily the best performance in this thing. He legitimately steals the show and his character is handled so well. He's a rare example of the legacy character coming back for reasons that make sense and perhaps that's why he feels like he wants to be in the movie.There are some shockingly violent and scary moments in this movie that I think push this into the upper echelon of the Scream franchise. Hospital, edamame, house party. That's all I'll say.The Bad: The film suffers from some pacing issues, particularly in the middle. Craven's Screams were extremely efficient movies; they rarely dragged at any point. Unfortunately, the middle of Scream 5 is a bit slow and plodding.And, as much as I hate to say it, even the best meta movies have a tendency to try and explain away their worst tendencies. Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox return, of course, but unlike Arquette, their inclusion feels really weird and unnecessary. Whereas he seemed to organically join the story, these two are haphazardly included in what feels like extended cameos. Could've done without them, to be honest. It feels like the film wasn't *totally* confident in itself to make an instalment without Sydney and Gail, which is a shame. That being said, they do have some fun moments.The Ugly: I'm pleasantly surprised by Scream 5. When I heard they were making this, I rolled my eyes. So color me surprised that by the end of this movie, the idea of a new Scream film every 10 years or so didn't seem as crazy to me. If these films can act as a decadal summary of horror every 10 years and be as good as this one is, count me in."
"381" "I too love a \"re-quel\" that opens up and showcases what Scream would look like with smart phones, yet every home in the film still has a landline for some reason!I'm thoroughly disappointed by this film, but there were definitely some laughs for me. Mainly because the dialogue was so corny. The new young cast disappoints a lot without any memorable characters, and legacy character motives are questionable at times. David Arquette stood out as easily the best performance in the film, but every other actor was fairly weak. Not a lot in this movie makes sense when you give it some thought, which led to a distracting viewing experience, as I was questioning why events were happening more often than I was enjoying the product in front of me. Jump scares were relied on, but predictable at every turn. The action sequences often lacked variety. Most characters were just attempting to shove off Ghostface in every action sequence, and there was little suspense because of it. In every Ghostface encounter, it's a coin flip whether the character gets stabbed or not, then a coin flip whether the relentless stabbing kills them or not, and tension is lacking.The film constantly points out horror tropes, but the constant breaking of the fourth wall isn't very charming most of the time. If you're a horror fan that wants a movie to poke fun at horror films, just go watch another recent movie like Malignant where it's done much better. I still see potential in the Scream franchise, but this was easily my least favorite Scream film. At least when it's bad, it's laughable, rather than just downright bad. That kept me engaged."
"382" "Loved it and didn't expect to like most of the new characters honestly because I'm not a big fan of change but I loved it. Fans will definitely enjoy even though the great Wes is gone."
"383" "I cannot believe Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox and David Arquette said yes and returned with this weak script. Plies they weren't even in half of the movie, it was less by a newbie cast of weak, and I mean weak , actors. The lead was awful. I kept waiting for a major plot twist but alas, it never came ; it was very predictable and not scary. Disappointing...."
"384" "This movie really impressed me. I think the film makers have such a love for film and for horror. They play with troupes in different ways then use the way they played with a troupe to then play with it again in a different way. It constantly moving.It was also so tongue and cheek. It was constantly winking at the camera, in fact this whole movie is a wink at the camera but not in a referential way. It is just satirical.I also felt tense in the final scene and was trying to guess the whole way though the movie who the killer was. It really got me invested which lots of movies struggle with.I'd definitely watch this movie again."
"385" "Just as bloody brilliant (pun intended) as the original. They brought back Scream 1-2 tone with being serious and suspenseful but also being quite funny at the right times. The opening sequence is just as scary and effective as the original. Ghostface is at their most savage in the series. The killings are so brutal, intense, and emotional. The social commentary behind the film touches on toxic fandom/purists behind soft reboots that doesn't live up to their nostalgia or standards in such a great way."
"386" "Ever since the first one came out in 1996, the \"Scream\" franchise has provided audiences an irresistibly entertaining blend of first-rate scares, whodunnit-style mystery, and clever, meta humor making fun of horror film clichÃ©s and plot tropes. As a big fan of the original, I was looking forward to this sequel that promised to bring back the franchise's three most famous characters (Sidney, Gale, and Dewey) with a new ensemble cast filled with potential suspects. This is a generally entertaining movie for fans of the franchise that feels almost like a \"greatest hits\" montage of the series' highest points, although I'm not sure if those who aren't already fans will find it as entertaining. It's far from perfect, but serves as two hours of twisted fun.The film begins with a tense opening scene that VERY much feels like a \"Scream\" movie. This opener doesn't manage to match the inventiveness, suspense, and shock of the first movie's opening scene, but frankly, what could? All you need to know from there is that a new Ghostface is on the loose, because of course he is. Dewey, who is now retired, is monitoring the situation closely, and calls Sidney and Gale back into action to investigate the happenings going on in Woodsboro. The satirical/meta elements of the film focus on so-called \"legacy sequels\" or \"re-quels,\" which are very popular in Hollywood these days. These \"legacy sequels\" try to bring back beloved characters from the early days of the franchise in order to please the most hardened, lifelong fans of the franchise nostalgic for its early days, while simultaneously trying to please a new audience. While it's certainly very timely to make fun of these types of movies, the film's plot tropes and humor sometimes ends up feeling more derivative of the first film than original on its own merits. It's still great to see the original cast back on the big screen, and those characters obviously have much more emotional depth and development than your typical horror film protagonists. The new cast is generally quite strong from an acting perspective, although some of the character development can be a bit thin and/or generic at times. The film builds to a cathartic third act that fans will enjoy, while simultaneously building suspense. That said, the movie is never particularly that scary--although, of course, viewers will see tons of blood.Recommended to fans of the series as a generally amusing endeavor that manages to have some fun with the franchise's roots, although its occasional feelings of derivativeness relative to the first film and lack of true scares hurts it a bit. 7/10Note 1: My ranking of the \"Scream\" movies, from favorite to least favorite, is as follows: 1, 2, 5, 3, 4.Note 2: I saw the film in Dolby Cinema. This was one of the more disappointing Dolby experiences I've had. The moving/Dolby Atoms audio and the rumbling seat motions were utilized very effectively only in the opening scene, but barely used at all after that for the entire rest of the movie."
"387" "It was perfect. Everything I wanted and never knew I wanted. The new generation is on point and the Dawson's creek nod in the hospital was funny bc a) James van der beek and b) Wilmington."
"388" "Since the beginning in 1996 the Scream movies are all about Sidney Prescott and that's a good thing. The character, and also the actress, is great. She has dept, she has character, she has heart, she is strong, but also vulnerable. And somehow she is also somewhat of a mystery. It's a real accomplishment when a character is still great and like-able after all these years. Neve Campbell is a superb actress. The only mistake is that the producers didn't put her in more scenes!"
"389" "Though I think when it came out Scream was a cool, self aware send up of slasher films I checked out after Scream 2. Scream 3 was really bad in my opinion and 4 was ok but the franchise had run its course. It seems that the only films Hollywood is interested in now is reboots and sequels or remakes. So getting a Scream requel as the film refers to itself was inevitable. It seems that every one of these remake/sequels have taken the formula set by The Force Awakens. They take a beloved franchise and introduce new characters to continue it but bring the legacy characters back to make fans happy. Sometimes it works, some times it doesn't. I think The Force Awakens mostly worked.This new Scream follows the same formula but what it does which is what I began to dislike about Scream is it gets way to self aware. Of course that is what made Scream popular in the first place but they took it so far 6hst fir me it just seemed overkill. In the hands of Wes Craven at least the first 2 two films were kind of tense. They had some decent slasher moments in between the self aware horror references and Fi buff jokes. Scream 2022 which is now what we have to do to destuinguish films these days because Hollywood doesn't even bother with numbers or slightly different titles to differentiate their franchises. It's annoying actually.We get a whole new set of characters. The good thing is that two of the main character are pretty good. Both Melissa Barrera as Sam and Jenna Ortega as Tara are good as sisters who are the targets of the Ghostface killer this time around. Their last name in the film is Carpenter, wink wink. The group of friends is as generic as you could get in a collection of millennial cast members. No one stands out. In the original Scream at least some of the secondary characters stood out. Here really none of them do. As far as the legacy characters we get Neve Campbell as Sydney, Courtney Cox as Gale and David Carradine as Dewey. While Campbell and Cox are ok in their roles but really have nothing to do. Espevially Campbell. She is in the film for about 10.minutes. David Carradine is the one that comes off the best. He is funny as Dewey with a bit of sadness in his character that really works. As far as the kills they are a little more graphic than some of the other films in the series. They are done well but nothing we've never seen before. The best scenes are with the characters interacting over the phone with the killer.The Scream films have always been this way. They are exercises in self aware, clever horror slasher cliches. This one is better than the 3rd and 4th films in the series.Grade: B-"
"390" "Scream 5 is the perfect example of how a requel should go. Honoring the legacy of the original, living up to it, acknowledging the sequels and sticking to the franchise's formula. I am in love with these new characters who hopefully will carry the torch for future new entries in the Scream universe. Wes Craven would be proud."
"391" "The same thing happened as in Matrix 4. They did what Eminem did in 8 mile, when he dis himself in rap battle, hoping other side would come blank. Guess what?? It didn't work out for Scream 2022, shallow script, bad acting and bit of cheap propaganda."
"392" "The fifth film of the franchise follows the tried and tested formula with another slice 'n dice whodunnit horror satire. Maintaining the self referential legacy, another group of high school friends find themselves amidst another series of \"Ghostface\"knife attacks. Old characters return to add to the mix. The staple red herrings, jump scares, introspective characters observations of slasher horror lore are all present. It's a solid effort which benefits from the 10yr hiatus in the series. If you are a fan, you shouldn't be disappointed, if you seek something different and higher level, then follow the advice given by one of the Scream characters and check out Hereditary, The Witch, or The Babadook!"
"393" "I found Melissa's acting really bad, no emotion, I didn't see a tear despite all the death surrounding her character. To me Jenna Ortega saved the movie."
"394" "The movie itself was insulting enough, offering absolutely nothing new at all to the franchise it was very smugly claiming to refresh.The biggest insult of all, however, was \"For Wes\" at the beginning of the end credits.Avoid at all costs."
"395" "My expectations of this movie was very low, but surprisingly is was really good. The plot was done well, they eased the old characters back into the movie later well, the stabbing scenes were awesome, definitely rated R lol, there is a couple of dumb things that happen, but it dosent overtake the movie ðŸ‘"
"396" "The movie did a good job with keeping the audience guessing at who Ghost Face was. It also brought back the Scream vibes from the original film. With that said no sequel will be better then the original film, but it does come close. The movies brings back the classic movie trivia and the scary movie rules. It has a great plot and lots of gore and slasher violence. The way the movie is done, almost every frame is very beautiful, like taking a picture, its visually pleasing to the eye. Some of the cast I did not enjoy, they felt like random annoying strangers, but most were okay. The biggest downfall to the entire film is the lead actor. Melissa Barrera destroyed this movie, yes she's nice to look at, but she didn't fill the role very well. In the scenes where she's supposed to shed a tear, there are no tears. She makes you feel nothing, only annoyed because she feels very fake. Her acting is not good. It was nice to see the original cast, but they had a very small role to play in the movie, you barely get to see them. Its a tease more then anything. Overall, good slasher film, good story, stunning cinematography, bad actors/cast."
"397" "I was expecting a lot from this film because of the reviews. This film was not good at all. So disappointing and cheesy and the characters did not act like real people."
"398" "This New Scream Film is Directed By Matt Bettinelli-Olpin & Tyler Gillett And Kevin Williamson Who Written The Original Scream Films Now Serves As An Executive Producer Comes a Brand New Chapter in The Scream Film Saga With Superb Performances By it's Lead Melissa Barrera As The New Scream Heroine Girl \"Sam Carpenter\", While Jack Quaid Who's The Son Of Actor Dennis Quaid And From Amazon Prime's Violent Superhero Series \"The Boys\" As \"Richie Kirsch\", Mikey Madison From Quentin Tarantino's \"Once Upon a Time in Hollywood\" As \"Amber Freeman\" Jenna Ortega As \"Tara Carpenter\", Dylan Minnette As \"Wes Hicks\", Jasmin Savoy Brown As \"Mindy Meeks-Martin\", Mason Gooding As Chad Meeks-Martin And Sonia Ammar As \"Liv McKenzie\" As The New Younger Generation Cast But Supporting These New Cast Stars in This New Scream Movie Are The Three Original Cast Members That's Right Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox And David Arquette Are Back As They Are Playing There Famous Iconic Character Roles As \"Sidney Prescott\" \"Gale Weathers\" And \"Dewey Riley\" Also Too Marley Shelton Who Played The Final Girl From 2001's Slasher Film \"Valentine\" is Back As \"Judy Hicks\" From 2011's \"Scream 4\" And a Special Appreance By Skeet Ulrich As The Late \"Billy Loomis\". I Really Enjoyed This 2022 Scream Movie At First When i Heard About it i Was Like Wait a Minute There's Going To Be a Fifth Scream Movie But That Can't Be Because The Original Director Who Made All The Four Scream Films Was Wes Craven Who Passed Away in 2015 From Brian Cancer Which Was Sad And Shock To The Horror Movie Community And Horror Movie Fan Audiences including Myself But i Told Myself That You Know What Because i Was Fan Of Wes Craven I'm Going To Watch This New Scream Movie Because i Heard That Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox And David Arquette And Marley Shelton Were Coming Back i Was So Excited And Sure Enough i Thought This Scream Film Was Great And i Liked How The New Directors Try To Keep The Tone Of The Movie To The Original Scream Film Setting And Of Course There's The Graphic Violence Where The Characters Get Stabbed By The Ghostface Killer And This Scream Movie Has Some Brutal Kill Moments That Were Shocking And Surprising."
"399" "Not a great movie. The cast isn't great, the script isn't great. It's just lame. He's by far the worst movie of the series. And it's not even close. There is literally no memorable character that comes out of this movie. It is a sad and lazy attempt to create another audition for the scream series. And don't even get me started on Dewey. Horrible. This series is officially dead to me."
"400" "To me this is like 2021's Halloween but done 10 times better.It doesn't take itself too seriously and has well executed humour littered throughout. The opening is really nice and a great modern version of the typical horror/slasher opener.For such a large franchise, it is refreshing to see such a low budget film with a main cast of mostly unproven actors (besides the returning nostalgia stars).For me Sam ruins it with her TERRIBLE acting, it's almost satirical. The difference between her and the rest of the cast is that she takes her role super seriously but just can't capture the emotions of anger and mentally/emotionally brokenness when she bursts and acts them out. You could feel the theatre cringe everytime she had one of her \"big moment\" emotional scenes."
"401" "As a late Gen X'er I am the same age as Neve Campbell and a few years younger than Arquette and Cox. When the original scream came out, I was a big fan.Scream was never Academy Awards material but it did not matter to me. It was a great slasher that focussed on plot twists and scares.I sadly watched the new generation trying to copy the movies from when I was young, butchering them it with their misguided views of life.Honestly, if the 2022 version of Scream is a reflection of the way society is going, our gene pool needs a LOT of chlorine. Focus is shifted a serial killer movie to snowflake issues.Lots of blood, lots of F-bombs, lots of hurt feelings, lots of self pity for things not going the way you want.A disappointment for a movie carrying the title of SCREAM."
"402" "\"Scream\" 2022 is a truly surprising movie that features great acting, suspense, and true nostalgia from the other movies which makes me believe that this is the best since the original.The good with this movie is of course the kills. They are graphic, brutal, at times creative, and just are so visceral that this is easily the scariest ghostface has every been. The new cast also is very good. Mainly Melissa Barrera and Jenna Ortega. These two were fantastic in this movie, and they had the best relationship in the movie. The other cast members are also very well portrayed. The movie has very clever ways in doing something new with the Scream formula, and it works. The movie still manages to surprise to you even though this is the fifth installment. The OG cast is also very great here, and mainly David Arquette who really gave it his all in this movie. And finally the final act of the movie was just amazing. It's crazy, and fast paced, featuring a great motivation which feels very new and different to the franchise.Now I do have very few negatives with this movie. The first being that the first act is a little slow, and isn't as much fun as the second half of the movie. And I found one of the twists to be very obvious, but it wasn't a terrible twist.Overall \"Scream\" 2022 is a truly great follow up that features great acting, brutal kills, a new perspective, and a balls to the walls final act which I loved every second of."
"403" "RATED 9/10 Language: English RECOMMENDEDSuperb sequel and maintain the franchise items... it has the same template but the best factor is they maintain the whodunnit suspense till the end... The reunion of old character and their justification is superb... Its so fun to watch the old characters in action that too in climax with same premise.... If you like Scream this is the must watch. They criticise the movie by themself and improvise the same in the next scene... Must watch."
"404" "Wes Craven would be proud.I liked the movie a lot, I was biased, but I think they did a good job. Not better than 1st and 2nd movie, but better than 3rd and 4th in my opinion.There was some silly scenes, but I ignored them. Easter Eggs were very good."
"405" "I went to see this movie mostly because of the ratings here. 6,9 wow that's pretty good for a 5th installment of a slasher movie, I thought. But holy cow was I confused in the theatre.This is actually my first ever review on IMDB and it is honestly because this movie was so terribly bad that I felt I had to say something to hopefully save some other poor people from wasting their time and money.It was so clichÃ© to the point where my boyfriend and I wanted to get up in the middle of the movie and leave. Whoever wrote the script should honestly re-evaluate their career choice. The actors were mediocre at best and the plot didn't make any sense.It was painfully unfunny, full of awkward one-liners and very easy to predict. It's a real shame to be honest as I love horror and slasher, and Ghostface has always been one of my favourites. This was truly a movie that ruined the franchise for me. Why carry on making more films when what you already had was great? Real shame."
"406" "Another fun scream sequel. I still prefer scream 2 & scream 4. The new characters was good. It's a good film to end the franchise with but I doubt it if it does well at the box office. 7/10."
"407" "Every 1 at the end is fighting with super power with punctured stomachs stabbed and shot lol!The killers spent mist of their time delivering dialogues rather killing the mob at the end.It was a horror jurasic park ðŸ˜‚."
"408" "You not only honored the legacy, but you stamped the movie with your own sense of style and humor. RIP Wes Craven, long-live Radio Silence :) Love to see what Radio Silence would do with Friday the 13th, I believe they have a unique and faithful vision :) PS, I would never of thought a scream movie would illicit emotion from me, but this one did."
"409" "Scream franchise dominated the late 90's early 2000's, and I scratching my head about this installment of the franchise, but this movie delivered..... I do see more installments of this franchise, but without the Big 3........"
"410" "The movie was typical scream movie, stupid kids trying to relive the past. Though it was cringey and felt like they wanted to make a movie everyone loved so they just pulled up a remake of the first movie. They simply made a character just like randy, its so unoriginal. However the acting was the best acting in the entire franchise, they even killed someone we wouldn't expect. Though one of the killers was a plot twist the other was pretty obvious... the plot with Sam was so smart and added a huge gap into the entire story it made the movie better. I honestly would see this movie again but i, no hate I have more to say but.... I think it's the worst scream movie of the franchise, but it's still good... I would honestly recommend people to see this in theaters. It's a solid 7."
"411" "I feel like nothing will ever be as good as the original but damn! They really raised the bar on this one. I honestly didn't expect much going into this one because the legendary Craven didn't produce it. I was really surprised though.With Scream being my favorite one, the rest of the Screams just started to blur together. Loved the twists in the old movies but they just started to make you yawn after Scream 4.That being said, they did this movie in a way that you suspected everyone but hoped your favorite characters were not ghost facerz. Loved the two sisters, they were great actors and also very HOT! How they incorporated the old stars with the fresh meat was an original idea. So I highly recommend this movie IF you are a die hard fan of the other Scream movies. If your not a fan then why are you here?I am psyched for the next scream with the same new actors and actresses. Never have I wanted change when it comes to things I love like the Scream movies. But they made this new movie worth going to see!"
"412" "There are no adequately negative superlatives to describe this complete and utter insult to Wes Craven.In summary, a poorly-acted discharge of duty to the LGBTQ+ community with a paucity of consideration for even the slightest element of realism."
"413" "Let me start by saying that I went into this movie after being told by several people that \"you are going to absolutely love it! It was amazing!\" which made me nervous because anytime I've heard that, my expectations get too high and I'm let down.The good news is that, while I may have desired more from this movie, I still was not let down. There are plenty of moments and allusions to old storylines and characters that made me smile, laugh, frown, and catch onto potential foreshadowing.And the new cast, while I expected to hate them, proved to be enjoyable overall. When some of them started meeting their ends, I was sad in the same way we all mourned Tatum, Hallie, Randy, and Derek on our first viewings of the original trilogy.Let me also add: This Ghostface is BRUTAL. Scream 4 introduced a stab happy pair of killers that made Billy and Stu look like softies, and this one kicks that up a notch or two further.And while the focus is the new cast, the reintroduction of our legacy characters proved to be done just right. They're involved enough that fans of them are still satisfied, but it's not really their story anymore. If this truly was a \"passing of the torch\" movie and this is the last we see of them, I think it's a satisfying ending to the OG3 that we've cheered on for over two decades.You'll laugh. You'll cry. And of course... You'll scream."
"414" "The franchise needs to be stabbed to death now. Stupid plot, some scenes that are so contrived and stupid they have u screaming at the TV, and (sorry) but a certain lead actor's over plastic face is way too distracting."
"415" "The Scream storyline is excellent and the 2022 continuation of the story is great. Cast is fantastic, totally keeps you guessing and it's so nice to have so many of the original characters back. Watch this one for what it is and don't be overly analytical...it is a movie after all. Really enjoyed it!"
"416" "I like the original Scream a lot, despite its age I would still say that it holds up fine. The sequels, however, I have had mixed feelings on. Scream 2 has some nice ideas and manages to retain some of the freshness of the first outing, Scream 3 however is rather dull and the twist reveal just overcomplicates the franchise. Scream 4? I remember liking it fine the last I saw it, I think I would go as far to say it's the second best of the series even though not great. Unfortunately, Scream 5(Or just titled Scream for simpler marketability) is yet another underwhelming addition to the franchise that like its predecessors has some nice ideas and a decent set-up but sputters and falls apart as it goes along. Simply put, this is The Last Jedi(Star Wars) of the franchise, and it feels like that was the intent of the screenwriting and directing team, in fact, even Rian Johnson is referenced in the movie and the Star Wars sequel trilogy - where any detractor of those movies is portrayed as a hateful, insidious person. They do not stop there, and go the extra mile when describing the in-universe fanbase of the fictionalized, semi-biographical Stab movie franchise. Why focus on this in my comment? Because they do a whole lot more with the concept and they go about it in such a way that it feels pretentious and cynical. The filmmakers think they're being clever, but instead they're stereotyping and basically telling their critics that something is wrong with them if they do not like the movie, which misses the point of the franchise and tosses aside the groundwork Craven and Williamson set forth. That's not all though, the movie brings back a character which makes zero sense and often derails the whole thing, the twist you can see coming from a mile away, and the scenes of terror are not very effective and often go on for way too long. The acting is mostly good, the original cast is good, the new characters are portrayed as either good to bland by their portrayers.I wouldn't really recommend this for a fan of the franchise. I don't know what else more they can do with sequels, which are in development as I type."
"417" "If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)\"Scream (5) is a brilliant \"requel\" with cleverly fascinating meta commentary on the horror genre, toxic fandoms, social media, and much more, ultimately becoming a strong contender for this new year's Top10.Boasting a continuously entertaining screenplay filled with exceptionally captivating, relevant dialogue and some of the goriest, bloodiest murders in the famous saga, the directors (Matt Bettinelli-Olpin, Tyler Gillett) and writers (James Vanderbilt, Guy Busick) pay a beautiful homage to the influential creator Wes Craven.The whole cast - both newcomers and icons - delivers remarkable performances, portraying characters who unapologetically address admittedly cinephile-driven topics that some occasional moviegoers might not fully understand but will still receive pure entertainment on the big screen.As a horror-mystery flick, it keeps the viewers on the edge of their seats, laughing and getting jumpscared for the entire runtime. I couldn't recommend it more.\"Rating: A-"
"418" "An excellent homage to the original director, Wes Craven, of Scream 1-4. It includes the expected meta-commentary on the horror genre and I love that the franchise is still self-aware about it. It also includes some very gruesome kills and some good scares.It has returning legacy characters and they are all still great in the role. Of the new younger cast, only the main character Sam Carpenter is memorable. The rest of the cast are quite forgettable and all of them ramble about the rules of horror/slasher rather than just one person in the original. They can also ramble about it for a bit too long. The Ghostface revelation is a bit disappointing as the motive is incredibly weak and there is a severe lack of foreshadowing for it.Overall, not as great as Wes Craven was at his best but never as bad as his more disappointing entries (Scream 3). It's a pretty entertaining movie and a good entry in the franchise."
"419" "This is not good. I dont know why this seems to be popular. I mean the halloween remakes with jamie lee curtis were better. The script is boring...the ideas are boring.all i can say is the younger gen. Buffs must see some amazing thing somewhere but not even bringing back original charectars works too well.they try with what is given to them... just no...just no."
"420" "Not words to describe how pathetic this movie is, it is so wrong and poor direction and producing in so many levels. Very predictable and had no story, only a series of scenes put together and calls it a movie."
"421" "All things happening are not even logical -- police running without a pistol ,, someone go to elevator and come back alone and then killed ,, the built up logical is soo not logical Watching movie at at home better than wasting time to go to cinema to watch this movie ðŸ˜‚"
"422" "Easily the best film of the franchise after the first part. The screenplay is outstanding and it creates a slasher satisfying modern day horror fans and also bringing back the nostalgic elements which worked in the first part."
"423" "Just watch the film. The motive will tell you exactly why these toxic insecure little men hate this movie, because they aren't capable of any self reflection or self awareness. In the era of racism and sexism \"fans\" of Star Wars have made it the new social norm to review bomb a movie for being \"woke\". In reality, it's just showing what life is like outside your farm, where your married to your wife/sister. In the real world, women, lgbtq people and people of color all exist, and the cast, returning and new, all have great performances in a worthy sequel Wes Craven would be proud of."
"424" "Girl is alone at home. She receives a call from a stranger who wants to play a game with her. When she loses the game, she is assaulted by a \"ghostface\" killer, but manages to survive. #Scream2022 depicts a series of violent murders and is quite an entertaining film. It also conveys some important lessons: never trust your friends, never go to the basement alone, never revisit the past. Do watch it on the big screen. Rating 3/5."
"425" "I've watched all previous screams and enjoyed them I really didn't have high hopes for this movie but they managed to pull it off.The new cast is good and the cameos from the OGs was fun.I appreciated the callback to Crawen at the end, with the amount this movie made I wonder how the next one will be."
"426" "A great horror movie, funny, clever, not predictable, a lot of fun, and nostalgic for the film series's fans, it doesn't disappoint. The killer's motives were unpredictable but dull. The film felt more like a fun and entertaining guessing game. I also loved watching Melissa Barrera as the main character. New horror/suspense movies do not usually amuse me because, in my opinion, most are predictable, unrealistic, absurd, and unreasonable, but this one delivered an updated old soul content."
"427" "The new Scream is really good!!! It's smart, clever, scary, funny, and satisfying! It's also a 100% Terrifying! It had some best jumpscares, best moments and pretty clever moments, like nothing you've ever seen before. I was really hoping and looking forward to these amazing filmmakers Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett who made \"Ready or Not\", because they are really incredible directors. Matt and Tyler has dedicated there dream making this movie and honoring Wes Craven's legacy, and they did. Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, and David Arquette are always the best characters in every single trilogies and the new cast were brilliant and talented. Jack Quaid from \"The Boys\" did a really great job, and Jasmin Savoy Brown is a Diva and so talented with her smartness in the film! I totally recommend everyone who's a really huge fan of Scream to go see this movie! This movie is so much fun with lots of horror fans to hear them \"SCREAM\"#ForWes."
"428" "You will get everything You would expect from a Scream movie:+ Ghostface and knives + scary phone calls + multiple horror movie references + fun discussions what should happen next in a typical horror movieTop quality acting and directing so this is not just a copy. Good to see old characters back and even some scenes are exactly as in the first Scream."
"429" "This part felt like kids movie, cant they even try to make it abit realistic. No emotion, actors feel fake, felt like amature cinema... There is no intrigue, you dont feel characters no emotions, even the scares are dull and boring. I bet the rating for the movie is covids fault ðŸ˜ 3/10."
"430" "It's just a bad movie. It's like some of the 80s cheesy scary movies. There's maybe two nice scenes but it's mostly meh. The start of the film is great but it drops off fast and the serial killer is a garbage one. The acting is horrible. They tried to hard to be the old films. I was hoping for something new thou."
"431" "It was good but lacked in some places too. But overall not terrible. It was missing something felt a little rushed with the kills. No real character development."
"432" "I am a huge Scream fan and have been since 1996. This film doesn't deserve to share the same name nor does it deserve the amount of praise it's getting. It's meant to be a horror film but the entire cinema burst into laughter at the ridiculous ending... what even was that? So so so bad, you'll be disappointed. Even Scream 3 was better than this."
"433" "So it definitely has some good kills and the blood and gore factor was upped for this one but it's a soulless cash grab. Kind of just gutted everything that made Scream what it is and made a movie for the sake of making a movie. The characters aren't likable and all it really relies on is nostalgia factor. At least scream 4 kept the heart of the franchise and tried to make its own name at the same time. This was like the force awakens, a rehash trying to pretend it was something new and fresh."
"434" "I honestly can tell you: this film/sequel/requel however u may call it is PERFECTION. The tone, the settings, the characters, the dialogues, it all gives the viewer and especially us fans what we often desired - and so much more: we return to woodsboro, we meet the old characters and a new cast of talented actors and actresses. And on top of that the scream myth is not rewritten but expanded.Its all just so clever, the dialogues are smart + witty without being pretentious + the old + new characters link together so well. And the suspense is THERE!!! And the gore. Its all clicks like a puzzle!Now my only concern is: HOW LONG WILL WE HAVE TO WAIT FOR A SEQUEL?!"
"435" "I watched this as I enjoyed the first few screams and wanted to go back to my childhood. I found the film ok. Liked that they took some of the comedy out of it as the last few screams felt like it was trying to be a comedy more than a horror. I didn't read reviews before hand as I didn't want any spoilers so I was pretty shocked at some deaths. There wasn't really any character that I actually liked so wasn't to bothered if they died. I kind of guessed who the killer was. Really wasn't a shock. Wish they added some twists kind of felt like I had already seen the film. Overall was ok."
"436" "I love, love, love the Scream franchise but I'll never consider this a part of it. Old school Scream is slasher and this it gore. I can't work out if they tried to capture Wes or actively make it into not Wes. There's too many things to point out but it's just a fat no."
"437" "It's a pleasure to see the return of Ghostface along with series favorites Dewey, Gale, and Sidney and the film is smart enough to give these returning characters more to do that the other reboots which inspired this film, but there's a certain stench of deja vu. The film has some stuff to say about the nature of reboots and toxic fandom, but never once does it feel like this movie was crying out to be made. There are a few clever lines, a little bit of suspense, and a majority of the new teen characters are more likable than expected, and it's all entertaining enough, but it doesn't rise to the occasion enough to be declared as a true return to form. Fans of the series will still want to see it just to see how their favorite characters are holding up."
"438" "I don't usually ever write reviews. Just for this I had to create an account to leave one.I was really looking forward to watch this film with my girl. Before we went to watch it we had a cheeky little smoke if you know what I mean ;) to create a better experience. The cinema was jam packed, barely got a seat, so already we thought, this is going to be goooood.10 minutes in, the film is already giving me the ick. It was so cringe to watch. The acting, the music, the shots, everything was just terribleðŸ˜‚. We couldn't stop laughing to each other because of how cringe it was.The film looked like it took them a day to film maybe, and edit another day. Looked cheap af. Bare in mind we were already zooted, and that didn't even help.We noticed people leaving mid film and I said to my friend, they have the right idea, and she said they're going toilet. But they didn't come backðŸ˜‚.Anyway, overall, we kept going, and forced ourselves to watch it, the story itself is very boring, there's too much talking, no action, it got very boring. We couldn't take it any longer and had to leave. How very sad. :( I don't know how there's so many good reviews for this, don't be fooled ðŸ˜‚."
"439" "Well done \"re-quel\" that has the spirit and cast of original films (and of Wes Craven) while also modernizing the slasher genre with class and respect, with enough cheese and \"don't go in there\" moments to not feel elevated (as it points to itself). Sometimes it's fun to just see a dumb horror flick and it's happy to not live up to the Babadook (while not disparaging elevated horror as it's own genre). Loved it. Fandom tributes are great. Your nothing without your core fans. Films like the Matrix 4 & Ghostbusters Answer the Call (the remake from 2016) should have remembered that before they ruined their franchises. Nice to see a franchise continue in its own footsteps proudly playing to what has always worked and also trying new things that make sense."
"440" "Convoluted mess that relies on some decent actor performance to prevent you from throwing up all over the couch from the most insulting script ive seen in a while.Do yourself and your intelligence a favor and skip whatever this is."
"441" "I thought this brought a lot of the magic back from the first film. It was fun, crazy and followed the meta scream formula and the main thing for me was that it kept me guessing.I thought I'd called it, well I sort of did with my first pick, then I was wrong 5 times after that, until the very end and that's what you want from a film like this.The only reason this hasn't got a 9 is 1. The original was a 9 and no Scream film will ever beat that And 2. I wasn't totally sold on the motive as I don't think \"That\" exists tbh, I could be wrong though.Would definitely recommend this to any fans of the franchise!"
"442" "Nothing memorable but messing with the original characters just because the stakes need to be elevated. I know Scream is about being meta, but it works when not everyone is able to casually discuss rules and stuff while people die around them. It only makes you care less about what's happening. I guess Randy Quaid is now the go to guy to deliver the quirky lines that in real life would make you wanna slap the psycho out of him. Did not hate the movie but it's nothing as remarkable as some critics made it sound when it opened at the box office."
"443" "For a movie with characters that comment that horror has become stagnant and uncreative, Scream (2022) is exactly that. It's just a repetition of the old movies, but less fun and less creative. Maybe that was the new and creative thing? Being ironic about being new and creative?I reacted to one certain thing in this movie that kinda speaks loud of how unimaginative they are. In some scenes they're playing with the camera angles and teasing the audience with sound cues and by that saying \"You thought the killer would be behind this door, but no! But here's where the killer would jump out? ....no! We're not gonna be that lazy, buddy!\" And finally the killer jumps out in another very predictable way in a very predictable camera shot.Hollywood is in desperate need of decent writers and film makers. The bar is shamefully low nowadays."
"444" "Then this movie will not disappoint. At least it shouldn't. One would think it'd be a given, that if you like a franchise, you love every sequel in it. But we all know that's not true. If you're not a fan of the franchise, I would stay away, cause this movie has the best \"Scream\" has had to offer over the yrs. And so if you're not a fan, you're clearly not going to be a fan of this movie either.Chances are, that to me anyways, nothing will beat the original. But out of the sequels, it's right up there. I have the last scream prior to this one as the second best. This is right there tho. There are a few clues left along the way, that tell you more is going on with certain characters, but no dead-giveaways or giveaways period. It's just classic scream. It's not a movie that's suppose to have a lot of \"scares\" but idk why that has to be a requirement for some people to qualify as a good horror movie. \"Scream\" has always been more of a slasher mystery in the vein of a \"whodunnit\". It really doesn't make its hay on \"jumps\" & \"scares\". Part of the fun is guessing who is behind everything.I also am often disappointed when sequels don't have ties to the original, or characters are lost, ignored or forgotten. Scream always stays true to the original. And although I love the \"hAlloween\" franchise, it became an utter mess over the yrs thanks to bad writing, studio & production fights & lawsuits, making movies then totally ignoring them. People hate Halloween 4 & 5, but I loved Danielle Harris & hate how new movies try to tell you she never existed. At least her character. Halloween 6, largely ignored as well, has 2 different cuts, and we can thank the perverts Weinseins for that debacle. Point is, Scream avoids all the BS, stays true to itself & the characters of past & present.Also, this movie leaves a lot of questions, which the viewer will think they have some clues on the answers to those questions, while still not knowing how right they are. Thing that makes \"Scream\" movies so good, is that they cater to the ultimate fans of the genres. Doesn't mean that you have to be an Uber-horror fan to enjoy em, but the more you know about the genre, the more subtleties you pick up on. While other stuff is anything but subtle. But the movie always pays homage to the movies from yesteryear while also still always staying innovative & fresh. The entire franchise is one giant satire, while simultaneously managing to basically blend enough elements of other genres. This movie didn't disappoint. Instead it left me hoping for a sequel to the \"requel\""
"445" "Scream is the fifth installment in the Scream film series, a direct sequel to Scream 4 and the first film in the series to not be directed by Wes Craven. The movie is the smartest and funniest installment since the original. This sequel has great performances, characters' development and nostalgia effect. Scream is a scary and fun sequel that every Scream's fan deserves and it takes awesome new directions.Rating: 8,2."
"446" "I had low expectations. The old cast is back, but we all have been burned by \"requels\", old cast doesn't mean good movie.This movie has ups and downs, but I enjoyed it more than fourth one.The motivation of new Ghostface is worse than previously but okay.Otherwise it was fun to watch. Just like before."
"447" "Just got out of an advanced screening and it started off promising, self references and jokes to keep me entertained. But the joy soon ran out with cringe worthy dialogue and storytelling. Not a bad movie by any means, but I couldn't call it a good movie. Great to see the OGs back if nothing else!"
"448" "Sure, Jan..Copy + paste of the previous films (expected) but wow.. almost nobody to root for, BAD acting all across the board (minus Courteney Cox & Neve Campbell of course, if only they had more than 7 minutes to actually do anything), especially the \"new Sidney\", plot holes galore, plenty of violence but almost no body count.. really it's just altogether sloppy & uninspired.. confusing/vague motives.. bringing back \"legacy\" characters just to have them be the weakest & do basically nothing but show up.. definitely the weakest of the series."
"449" "Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, Calif., a new killer dons the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town's deadly past.After more than a 10 year wait, this is a film I've been looking forward to for a long time. Being a big fan of the series, I was excited to see where they would take the story next. Although the film follows the linear plotline of the previous films, it also introduces some surprisingly quirky and exciting new concepts and ideas into the universe, blending this with iconic characters from the original movies. Although despite its minor flaws - which I'm sure viewers will point out in many years to come, results in the film feeling modern and fresh."
"450" "It is the first film in the series not to be directed by Wes Craven, who died in 2015.I wish Wes was still alive, but that still doesn't make this an incomplete movie.Wes' legacy is in good hands.Aside from the happiness of seeing the minus squad, it was a pleasure to see Dylan Minnette and Kyle Gallner in the squad.All I can say about the movie is; I watched the movie and right now I'm as happy as a puppy with an itchy tummy."
"451" "Everything about this movie is spot on perfect the whole story made sense. The new actors did a really good job and honestly I walked out of this theatre happy. Definitely will be seeing it again in theatres. 10/10 best scream movie ever Wes Craven would be proud of these new makers start this franchise back up!"
"452" "I have seen hundreds of horror movies. I have watched every great, awful, and insane movie there is. By far this scream movie has been the worst thing I have ever seen. The acting is atrocious, the plot line is embarrassing, I almost left the theater but wanted my moneys worth. Do not waste your money watching it. 0/10, absolutely horrible. Again I need to emphasis I have a google doc full of hundreds of horror movies I have seen and few films compare to how awful this one is."
"453" "So in the last 48 hours i watched all the previous 4 parts and i just left the movies with 0% disappointment from the final part. WOW, i am so happy right now."
"454" "I'll always watch a new Scream movie, as long as they're churning them out. No way will one ever be as good as the original though. I'm glad the franchise is back and old enough now to be able to point out how meta it is, while also talking about how the meta horror slashers of the 90s are no longer what the general audience wants.This franchise is all about the past and what the characters don't know about it. We saw this as a running theme in every installment, though not so much in the fourth. That said, there is only so much more they can come up with. No sequel to this franchise has really been able to add any beloved characters (Judy Hicks was a stretch) to the ongoing stories. So in this new movie, the only original players we see make a comeback are Sydney, Gale, and Dewey.I'm glad the filmmakers took on this project because there are a lot of fans who want to see the story carry on, but I think they should have brainstormed this more than they did. It could have been a lot better. The inclusion of Billy's character in this movie was probably the best thing about it. However, there were too many characters and subsequently not enough time spent on them. The main friend group was too overloaded with characters, + Sam and Richie. How can the audience possibly get invested in eight new characters, while also focusing on the original three? In addition to this, we have other BS characters that only show up to get killed-- and despite this being a glaring issue with the movie, there was still time saved for a YouTuber and his wife to make a cameo (seriously the WORST part of the movie and when I saw on IMDb that this guy had a cameo in the movie, I debated just turning it off).I will say I did finish it.. and upon a second viewing there were many subtle (and not so subtle) hints that I missed during my first watch. However, I also noticed a lot of BS that didn't make sense once I knew how the story was going to unfold.If there's another sequel on the way, I hope they can come up with some compelling storyline, scale back on the quantity characters and focus more on character/relationship development with the ones who matter to the story.More characters = more possible suspects -- but this is cheap and lazy and doesn't make it a better movie.I don't want to include spoilers, so I won't but this movie did a lot of irritating stuff!"
"455" "Exactly what I expected. It's a silly slasher flick. Great for a night out with not too much thought. Glad to see the past stars appear in the movie. Intense plot, lots of scares. Totally suspenseful. Great ending! Loved the gore."
"456" "Just a cringe movie. Bad acting, bad dialogues and a bad story. I thought the movie might have a smart twist at the ending, but I was wrong. This is just a movie to make out to..."
"457" "THIS MOVE ABSOLUTELY SUCKED!! The worst two hours of my life I will never get back. If you love the original like me and so many others you will probably not like this one. Please do not spend money to go a watch a move that suck so bad Billy Loomis would gladly die again just to not watch this movie."
"458" "Victims are stupefyingly placed, positioned, cued, made vulnerable, expoed in nonsensical ways in order to get stabbed and killed. They even emptied a hole hospitals bcuz it's just more convenient. An entire street..."
"459" "The original Scream was released in 1996. It's a clever film which kinda-sorta deconstructs the horror genre and adds some memorable scenes to the horror canon. Highlights included Drew Barrymore being ripped to shreds as an opening act and Jamie Kennedy telling Jamie Lee Curtis to watch out behind her for the killer. Scream 5 (officially titled just Scream but that's dumb and confusing) offers no such highlights. It's incredibly stale and adds nothing fresh to the franchise or horror in general.The film follows a mostly new (not interesting or memorable, but new) set of characters as they're stalked and murdered by The Ghostface Killer, this time because the in-franchise horror franchise, Stab, has gotten a sequel that online fans didn't want. Ghostface is trying to right the wrongs of the most recent installment by \"writing\" the film in real life, giving future filmmakers a template to follow. If this sounds dumb, it's because it is.The overriding feelings of the film are staleness and slavish commitment to formula. Characters will often interject about said formula, emulating Jamie Kennedy's character from the original, but this commentary about how predictable the film is doesn't make it any less predictable. It's clear the filmmakers believe firmly in predestination, and apply their beliefs to the film; \"watch out for the love interest,\" \"you can't run away from this,\" \"there are always two killers.\" Characters spew these platitudes throughout because they know them to be true, but do the filmmakers know they upend these elements for a more original film? Apparently not.It's hard not to pick up on the lack of dynamics within the film. Each character is only vaguely connected to another and it hardly matters which bites the dust at any point. It can't be stressed enough: not a single new character has a single unique or relatable quality. They're marketable faces intended to look pretty and scream ugly. They're indiscriminate for the undiscriminating.To be fair, the older generation returning for the film does a fine job. Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox have some fun quips in their short screentime, and David Arquette wrings what little feeling there is out of the film, acting as the emotional anchor of the film. The usual problems of visual sanitization are also present; everything looks smooth and flat, there's no visual flair. It's all close-ups and two-shots, like everything else today.Watching slashers has always been like watching westerns from the 50s; if you've watched about three of them, you know the architypes, you know the plot points, and you know the visual cues and general looks by heart. But westerns adapted, they were transformed into spaghetti westerns into the late 60s and then neo-westerns into the 90s.Slashers haven't done shit - they died out of their volition but have been resurrected, like their antagonists, by creatively bankrupt and greedy studios in the desperate, pathetic race for I. P. Watching slashers is really nothing but a painful reminder about what audiences will swallow down before asking for more. As a final, most glaring testament to Scream 5's laziness, the final act is a carbon copy retread of the original's, taking place in the same goddamn house as the first film - if that's not enough to make audiences long for a new creative direction, what is?"
"460" "After reading so many great reviews for this one, as a HUGE fan of the original , I was excited to see where they had went with the franchise. Started off really good, going back to the roots, but as the movie went on, was pretty much a let down. Should never have made another movie without Wes being involved, it was really evident throughout. I'm actually surprised that the \"originals\" agreed to be a part of this movie. The first movie is a classic, the second was good, third was ok, forth was enjoyable, but this one just felt forced, rushed, and trying to make money. Anyone looking at the reviews before they watch this movie, don't bother, just go back, watch the original and enjoy."
"461" "COINING THE TERM 'REQUEL' (A CROSS BETWEEN A REBOOT AND A SEQUEL), SCREAM DOES WHAT MANY FRANCHISES HAVE DONE OVER THE LAST FEW YEARS, AND IT DOES IT WELL!HONORING THE FRANCHISE AND DEDICATING THIS FILM TO WES CRAVEN, IT STAYS TRUE TO THE ORIGINAL, GIVING PLENTY OF NODS TO PREVIOUS CHARACTERS AND STORYLINES, WHILST BREATHING NEW LIFE INTO THE FRANCHISE WITH A GREAT SET OF NEW CHARACTERS.PLENTY OF RED HERRINGS THROUGHOUT, MISDIRECTION AND TWISTS, I WILL SAY I DIDN'T GUESS THE KILLER IN THE END SO BONUS POINTS THERE!WHILST IT WAS NICE TO SEE THE ORIGINAL LEGACY CHARACTERS RETURN ONCE AGAIN, I AM EXCITED FOR WHAT HAPPENS NEXT AND WHICH DIRECTION THE FRANCHISE GOES NEXT, THAT'S IF IT DOES CONTINUE... HERE'S HOPING!"
"462" "Oh man I'm not sure why its been given a 7.3 rating..I would only give it a 3or less..really nonsensical of a movie. Please save yourself the trouble of going to the theatre...not a great reboot at all!"
"463" "I love the scream films and I believe Scream 1 & 4. Are my favourite (the original being an all time classic). This scream is better than part 3 & probably better than part 2. YES the downside is you can tell Wes is missing from this film. The film just doesn't feel the same. The movie starts off at a fast pace, which doesn't really give you time to absorb the character's, the start of the film is the most disappointing out of the franchise. The comedy in the film is off and more of a meh. Yes this film is good apart from the above."
"464" "This fifth installment fails to give many new things to this saga.Although it has the touch of making fun of itself, the story is very similar to the first one, but it's still a bit boring in the first half. There are fewer bloody scenes and fewer deaths than in the previous ones, there are not many surprises in the plot twists and the coincidences and inconsistencies are present in the story. The main character is not very solidly written, as well as the return of familiar characters is very forced. The performances of the cast are decent, but it must be said that Melissa Barrera does not do as well as Jenna Ortega, who gets all the attention.It is a film specifically aimed at new generations that did not know the saga, giving zero surprises and zero creativity in the story despite having a decent development."
"465" "A realy beautiful way to resume a beautiful movie. If you are a fan on scream you will enjoy it witg no doubt. Just do a favor to your self and ignore the haters."
"466" "No story, no atmosphere just a junk movie using scream name to grab some amount of money. I am also very concerned about the way people rate movies, good films with ratings bellow 5.5 and trash like this one with 6.9 till now."
"467" "Scream 5 (2022) is a sequel that I had been advocating since seeing Scream 4 back in 2011. I wrote to Wes Craven before he passed away, and low and behold a 5th Scream film had been made after talking it through. With the production companies and the cast and crew; This movie brings us full circle, and brand new characters have been created here. I really love the opening scene which to me pays a tribute to the original 1996 film. Scream 5 is well crafted, written and directed. I saw Jenna Ortega in the Disney channel show, Stuck in the middle, and I loved seeing her in this movie as Tara Carpenter. The basic outline for the story of this movie is how a GhostFace copycat serial killer dons the mask and starts killing a group of teenagers whose relatives are tied to the original 1996 Woodsboro murders. One thing that I incredibly love about this movie is the special effects. While staying true to what Wes Craven did with the previous Scream movies, 1- 4, the 5th movie is quite bloodier than the previous 4, but at the same time it is still scary and terrifying enough to leave you speechless, and with wonderment of how they did all of the special effects. Be sure to check out the behind the scenes footage to find that out. As a movie buff and horror fan, I'm very happy that Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox and David Arquette returned for the 5th film. This movie contains a lot o twists and turns and it will keep you guessing who the killers are until the very end. From all of the horror movies I've seen, I knew who the first killer was, but the second killer revealed took me by complete surprise. I highly recommend this movie for horror fans and scream fans alike. It is definitely awesome to see fresh characters and brand new actors and actresses. This writers and the director did an amazing job with Scream 5. I look forward to watching and reviewing Scream 6 next year in 2023. My review is spoiler free, so to find out more about what happens, watch the movie, you surely won't be disappointed."
"468" "This movie is so cliche and predictable I don't know how I made it as far as I did without shutting it off sooner. Like the insurance commercial that spoofed horror movies I kept rolling my eyes and shaking my head with the stupidity. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is for bringing back some of the original cast to try to lend a touch of substance."
"469" "The 1 stars are ridiculous! I am a huge fan of the Scream series, seeing the original in the theater almost a dozen times, and this is the best one since Scream 2. I will say the ending was a little disappointing and didnt really make much sense, but this movie was a decent sequel to the Wes Craven movies, with some gore, black comedy and i liked the \"legends\" aspect. Not the best of the series but it was no 1 star for sure."
"470" "There was nothing new or innovative here. Not once did I flinch or jump a single time. How many horror movies can you say never made you jump at all? I'm willing to bet under a few. This movie was so cliche, so predictable and so boring. I knew the killer in 15 mins and my husband figured it out halfway through. Nothing knew here. Definitely wait til it streams. My husband fell asleep 3x and we watched it in the early afternoon (so it wasn't late and creeping up on bedtime."
"471" "The Ghostface killer has returned to Woodsboro after over a decade and it's all connected to Sam, a young woman who moved away and must return home to confront the demons from her past.With an engaging young cast of new blood fresh for the carving and a clever use of the \"legacy cast\", this new Scream sidesteps a lot of the usual pitfalls of horror franchise sequels and delivers something that's both clever and suspenseful while having a lot to say about toxic fandom in the process."
"472" "... at the very begining, the girl managed to cite REAL good horror movies like The Witch, It Follows, Hereditary and The Badabook... THESE are horror film worth watching! No jumpscares, real story/plots, good acting!Scream is just another popcorn sht cheap \"horror\" cash grabbing movie.Pass, life's too short for this time wasting film."
"473" "It was a bloody, gory, and fun good time! A movie with unexpected twists and many deaths to make the movie a true slasher experience. Great Scream movie."
"474" "I wish I could say it was excellent but I don't believe who the killer was. When they are dressed up and not it didn't seem like the same person. Was fun seeing old and new cast mixed together and provided a good guessing game of who did it :) also I found this one to be better than the last. That's all."
"475" "This is basically a remake with some original characters added in as filler. Nothing new here.Plot holes and no way type moments leads to a lack luster ending you probably could see coming.David Arquett is the main redeeming factor. You have to watch it if you like the Scream movies but it comes off as a cheap \"woker\" remake of the first one."
"476" "Its a scream movie. Not hard to put all the pieces together once you know the rules to a scream movie.I had a good time Because the movie didn't take its self serious. It brought up Hollywood basically tore a hole in them. It allowed new characters to shine and still pay respect to the originals.I enjoyed how its continuing the new type of horror going on and they do explain it in the movie.The Cons: Ok some of the acting was bad at times. Not sure if some people just didn't click on screen or the editing was bad, but you can just feel something was off.I question at times who was in the mask at times simply because of the strength in required to perform some of these kills.Some of who survived i screamed bull on.The End: this movie is just about having fun. They play along with the whole rules thing that has the people crack some good jokes and dont fall into the stupid victim you see in most horror films.Most of the time they scream the whole im not going alone and splitting up is a good way to get killed.Is it worth going to the theaters and seeing yes and no. If your board with nothing much to do and just want to get out for 2hrs yes.But its not really worth running out to see.Its more of redbox movie or if you want to stream it.But it is a good watch either way."
"477" "A boring, feeble and mediocre 'B' movie, it had nothing going for it. No thrills, no scary moments, no surprises, and with a lot of corny dialogue, I couldn't wait to get out of the cinema. I was hoping for at least a 5/10 movie but could only give it 1/10. Don't waste your time with this dud!"
"478" "The movie brought so many memories of my childhood when I used to watch these slasher movies with friends and throughly enjoyed it. Scream obviously was one of them. To see all those old characters and same pattern yet different storyline was quite interesting and entertaining. The acting was spot on! I really enjoyed it and would recommend to all my scream fans!"
"479" "Ok to start out I am a HUGEEEE scream fan. Love the movies. This is the first Scream film I didn't love. The plot is grasping at straws to keep a connection to the original story. The new characters are pretty bland and never develop. Only 3 of them are played by good actors. My biggest issue with the film is that they brought back our 3 og characters but gave them nothing TO DO. I did like seeing some of the side characters from the sequels and there's A LOT of references to classic scenes and characters from the first movie which is fun. Overall though, I am disappointed. Scream 4 has so much personality and creativity but this felt more like a bad remake of scream 4 than a new (long-awaited) film in the franchise.This one also has the least creative deaths with many involving the neck which is always too gory for me to watch. Scream 2022 makes it clear that Sydney is no longer the star and that's disappointing because Sydney IS what makes Scream what it is."
"480" "Just saw a preview in Germany! I liked it so much! So many great Easter Eggs! I got sentimental, nostalgic and I got scared too! Thank you for making such a great 5th instalment ðŸ™ðŸ˜ðŸ™ Wes would be proud!!!"
"481" "This was, by far, the worst movie I've ever seen. Please don't waste 2 hours of your life watching this. Cringe actors, cringe dying scenes and literally NOTHING makes sense. Save your money, save your time, don't watch this."
"482" "This isn't a sequel that needs to exist even if it's nice to see some familiar faces and the filmmakers do a better job aping that Craven/Williamson style than expected. It never rises to the occasion, but does offer a few moments of unexpected tension and humor."
"483" "Title says it all.It's boring, it's not very creative, and you're left wondering a few times like \"what?\" It was so unbelievably bad I didn't even want the \"good guys\" to win because it was so boring that at least a twist would have made it worth watching."
"484" "Literally one of the worst films I've seen (in theaters). Absolutely atrocious. I was sweating in embarrassment. How do you go from camp-original \"Ready or Not\" (same directors) to this? From the recycled title of the 1996 classic to the sleaziest, juvenile writing. Meta done so wrong. The kills were the only captivating quality this film accomplished- albeit brutal, slow & upsetting."
"485" "Very great movie! Acting was good, loved the diversity of the cast, some funny lines, good story flow. I liked how you could identify the parts of the movie that came from the original, but Scream 2022 was still original in its own way; it wasn't an exact copy cat of the original. Will definitely keep you entertained!"
"486" "This does not stand up to the original 3. It is better than the fourth film though.. It lacks any fun and you really don't care about the new characters. There are huge flaws that stand out and the fact that the writers or directors didn't care is just lazy. I really wanted to love this movie, I was so excited and saw the first showing available but was let down. 90s movies are truly a thing of the past."
"487" "I really enjoyed the movie, it's pretty corny sure but the return of original characters we grew up with while adding some new ideas and still paying homage to the original was good, especially the dynamic between the two leads and what came from the original that led to their mysterious fractured relationship. There's a lot of heart here and cheesy one liners but the kills are brutal and the acting is purposefully bad to the point its self-aware which the movies are known for. If this is truly the last Scream, I think it ends on a high note. 8.0/10 is my scoreI would like to add that it's NOT a movie you need to see in theaters, it would be just as good at home, I really do think this should have been on a streaming service and missed a good opportunity but I had a good time at my theater regardless of my opinion."
"488" "Though guessing the murderer(s) is quite hard and that keeps you watching it till the end, but many parts just don't make scense, and that's why it can't keep you horrified! Or at least shocked! Overall, it's not a bad movie and worth the time watching it."
"489" "The first Scream film from 1996 is one of my favourite films in the horror genre by far. I've enjoyed all of the sequels to varying degrees for the most part, but none of them have ever captured the full essence of what made the original so special, at least to me. 2022's Scream is now playing in theatres and I can easily say that this is the most fun I've had with this franchise since the original. To me, this franchise fires on all cylinders when the cleverness works really well and I would absolutely say that Scream (2022) does just that. Here's why, especially if you're a fan of this franchise, Scream (2022) is a must-see.It has been 25 years since the events of the original film. Sidney Prescott has moved out of the town of Woodsboro, as well as the rest of the main cast (for the most part). A new group of characters lead this film and once again, it's all about figuring out which one of them is the killer. This premise has now been done five times, but I have to admit that the dialogue throughout this film had me laughing on multiple occasions. It just felt very fresh in terms of entertainment today. I was skeptical that this would feel like just another Scream sequel with no purpose, but there is a specific scene that pretty much explains why this movie was made and I loved every second of it.Without giving anything away, Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) is the character who is focused on the most, along with her sister Tara (Jenna Ortega). Their connection to the franchise is what really made me enjoy this film as much as I did. The clever twists, returning characters, and quippy dialogue all sold me, but it really came down to the fact that this film brought the franchise full circle. These films have always been about poking fun at the horror genre, sequels, trilogies, remakes, etc., and where they go with this one had me in stitches. I honestly didn't think a movie like this would work as well as it did, but I'm so happy they pulled it off.The return of Sidney (Neve Campbell), Gale (Courteney Cox), and Dewey (David Arquette) was nice to see, but I'm happy they weren't just there to be there. They all had a purpose and none of them wanted to get back into it at first. The way this film plays out is something you've seen a lot in franchises lately, but that's the point, so it worked very well. In many ways, I'd compare this film to Doctor Sleep, in the way that it felt like a sequel to The Shining, but also shared a lot of similarities to its predecessor. For fans, this film delivers the goods, plain and simple.Overall, Scream (2022) is an absolute blast to watch. From the bloody kills to the extremely clever dialogue, I was laughing and on the edge of my seat the whole time. This is a film I didn't really want and didn't think would be any good, but I'm so happy it was made. They proved me wrong, but I also felt like this film put a bow on the franchise, which is why I'm confused why they're diving back in so soon, having recently greenlit a Scream 6. Regardless, Scream (2022) is well worth seeing."
"490" "My daughter and I had some time time to kill while my wife got her hair done, so we decided to watch Scream since we've seen everything else. This movie is soooo bad with cheezy and boring dialog and predictable motives that we walked out. Absolutely terrible movie, anyone who gives this a rating above a 2 is either being paid or just completely stupid."
"491" "Wish we could rate in points I give it a solid 7.1 so had to round up to 8.I reckon it will set at 6.8 in the future time will tellAwesome movie can't wait to own !"
"492" "Let me first Say that I am a big fan of the Scream franchise. The original was the first horror movie I have seen in my life. It made me love horror movies. I liked Scream 4 quite a lot. For me the third one was the weakest but I found it enjoyable. The new one is easily the worst. It was dumb. I guessed the killer after 2 minutes. Dont buy the hype and the people who says this is the best one since the original."
"493" "This is a prime example of the common plead from horror fans (or honestly any movie fan) to PLEASE STOP REMAKING OUR FAVORITE CLASSICS!!!! You and me both know a \"modern day\" remake done nearly thirty years after the original film in the franchise can never, would never and will never come anywhere near what the first one did. This film particularly striped everything good from the original and replaced it with politics and fourth wall jokes that didn't land even on the eighth time they made them. I will say, however, that on top of the poorly written dialogue, bad characters, missed shots and opportunities, that this movie did have an element of humor I wasn't expecting. My girlfriend and I literally laughed all the way home after leaving the theater. I'd simply recommend seeing it if you want to see Hollywood flop again when the think they did something.A note from previously mentioned girlfriend: Hilarious. Quite simply the most predictable movie I've ever seen. I know re-makes of the classics are not easy, but WOW. I don't know if they just weren't trying or if they were trying too hard but this was a disaster from the very start. That joke of an opening scene really set the tone for the whole film. The potential was there but so poorly executed. You should still see this for a good laugh and for the love of god STOP REMAKING CLASSICS."
"494" "The cast is the first problem ... wooden and seriously unlikable/annoying .... Script boring and contrived ... explaining every single plot point to the extent of being told about everything ....I love and am a massive fan of the original reminds me of my childhood ... i hope this isn't the lasting memory of an epic franchise!"
"495" "Scream 5 tries so hard to be meta it becomes a self parody. The identity and motivation of the murderers take it into Scary Movie territory. It has some great kills that are cheapened by the absurdity of it all. It strives to be Halloween (2018), it becomes Halloween Kills instead."
"496" "The new Scream is a perfect legacy sequel! Am I the only one who saw it as a response and commentary on the Star Wars sequel trilogy? Everything from the commentary on fandom to the structure of scenes in the film felt very much akin to scenes from \"The Force Awakens\" in an attempt to comment on the nature of these reboot sequels. Even the mention of Rian Johnson, the \"Knives Out guy\" was hilarious to me and so cleverly woven into the narrative. (Justice for \"The Last Jedi\"!!) I loved the meta commentary in this one, especially in how it dealt with toxic fandom and the issues with fans of franchises these days. It gets very on the nose and even aggressively attacks modern trends regarding Hollywood films and reboots, and I just loved it because it is so true. The film was just super self aware and in the best way... it truly fit right in with the rest of the Scream franchise, tonally and plot-wise, and in my opinion is the best since the original!I loved the reboot elements of this film and how they worked hand in hand with the meta narrative, from a derivative third act finale (which is intentional and recognized within the film), to new characters that have some mysterious relation to old ones, as well as how the old characters were used. I loved the new cast, and what genuinely surprised me was how central they made the new characters. While the legacy cast was there, the new ones did get to be front and center, and I liked that the film took the risk to focus on them, as so many \"requels\" generally focus more on the legacy characters. Melissa Barrera, coming off a fantastic role in \"In the Heights\", is phenomenal here and I truly think she rivals Neve Campbell as a lead of this franchise. I loved her character and her performance! And don't worry, the old characters are back too and it is great to see them! David Arquette's Dewey is easily the best in this film and interacts with the new characters in such interesting ways. He really is the Han Solo of this one, I love what they did with his character! Courtney Cox and Neve Campbell also slip right back into their roles as Gale and Sydney, but unfortunately I felt like they were slightly underused and I missed them a little bit in some scenes.And wow did this film ever bring gore back to the franchise! The directors of \"Ready or Not\" were the perfect choice to take over from Wes Craven. They handled it with the same level of care and attention as Craven did and really seem to understood what makes a Scream movie great. Sure the movie can be kinda cheesy and has plot conveniences, but thats just what happens in this franchise! I thought they did a fantastic job of playing with expectations, using lighting, sound and editing to really build tension and surprise the audience! There's a scene where they keep making the audience think Ghostface is behind doors when he really isn't, which leads to a great jump scare later. I just thought it was a genius way to handle the scene and completely play with the audience. They also handled the twist so well, and did a good job of hiding it. I couldn't guess who the killer was, and while I jokingly did because I recognized an actor from another film where they have a similar role, I didn't think I would be right at all. The villain motivation was so clever and I love how it connected to themes of toxic fandom - just think of how mad some fans got after \"the Last Jedi\".Ghostface is also handled perfectly; just as good as he's always been. Like I said gore was brought back to the franchise, as some of the kills are brutal. They truly are some of the best in the franchise and were so cool. I especially loved the Psycho shower scene reference with one of them, and I always love how complex Ghostface makes them. He's so creepily playful in the buildup, and then savagely kills his victims... I love it, he's such a great horror villain!This movie had some awesome surprises for fans of the Scream franchise, and I'd say for movie fans in general as well (especially Star Wars fans who can take a joke). It might piss some people off, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and I would love to see another one from this team and cast! There's a lot of potential for stuff to come! It truly is a perfect legacy sequel!"
"497" "Congrats you've officially killed a franchise the only way I'd watch another scream movie is if Wes craven came back from the dead to direct it. It's a shame they went out like this but we always have the original."
"498" "Can't wait to watch it, outside the movies now. Everyone is saying great things about it. Can't wait to get in here and watch it because I know I'll enjoy it. Another good slasher film here we go."
"499" "Why why I ask hollywood why you do this with the world. Why you make movie that make the world cry by headache. This movie is so bad that no one will trust scream sequel again in life. I want to ask hollywood which hospital in the world has only one patient and no nurse no doctor no security. Whic town in usa will not hear a sherrif crying for help being stabbed outside her house in broad daylight. Which police in USA will not alert and reach the location when ask by sherrif to reach urgently. Why poor two old women are left to get brutually assaulted but no police on sight and top of it why this women are trying to be smart not taking police help. Which dumb guy after being stabbed twenty times will be concerned about the movie climax. Enough no more SCREAM."
"500" "I like watching such movies but expect some logic also. At around 1 hour past movie they start killing logic and realism. Killer after getting 3 bullet kills a cop who is most dumb cop of universe who went back to shoot a bullet in head of killer...lol And guess what happened. Ofcourse cop got a call and he was stabbed. If this is the IQ level of this movie better avoid such dumb movies doing anything for sake of making into horror genre. Save time and watch Spiderman instead."
"501" "'Scream (2022)' (just call it 'Scream 5', you cowards) feels fairly similar to 'Scream 4 (2011)' in terms of its underlying satirisation, albeit targeting so-called requels rather than remakes (and thankfully not having quite so much bloom), but it succeeds where that one fails by actually making its new characters feel like more than just dead bodies to be or killers in disguise. The new cast members are mostly good (Jenna Ortega and Jack Quaid are the highlights), even if the lead is arguably a little flat, and I'm fairly interested to see those who survive appear in the already announced sequel. Their inevitable connections to the past are satisfactory, if not exactly inspired (though, to be fair, one of them has the potential to yield intriguing results if it's explored to its fullest). They're also written well enough that they actually feel like rounded individuals, despite not having much to do. The flick comments on generational trauma (again, a major theme of 'Scream 4 (2011)') in a relatively assured way that keeps things feeling fresh. Its satire isn't quite as crisp, though, and the affair feels a bit behind the times when it comes to some of its commentary (the whole 'elevated horror' angle is very 2018). Still, it knows what it's aiming for and it always lands in the general vicinity of its target, even if the uber-meta dialogue wears a bit thin in places (once again, 'Scream 4 (2011)' springs to mind). The returning cast members aren't given as much to do as I'd like, but I understand that their presence is primarily meant to act as a passing of the torch and they're always there when it counts. Neve Campbell is looking as good as, if not better than, ever before (Sidney's a milf now) and it's great to see her come back to kick some ass with her iconic co-star, Courteney Cox. David Arquette once again steals the show, but this time it isn't due to his lovable character's impeccable comedic timing. Instead, it's due to the surprisingly affecting gravitas he brings to his role. He's genuinely great here; his performance is one of the best in the entire series. Ghostface doesn't take as many pratfalls this time (the film generally leans away from the series' trademark comedy), but they're more traditionally scary and seem like a formidable foe in every scene in which they appear. I do wish the filmmakers paid more attention to the character's height, though, as they're often obviously not who they're eventually revealed to be. The directors do a decent job when it comes to living up to the insurmountable expectations that come with replacing Wes Craven, utilising clean cinematography and careful blocking to milk as much suspense out of the scare sequences as they can. Having said that, Craven's absence is very much felt; a lot of the set-pieces aren't anywhere near as edge-of-your-seat as they could have been and they often feel a bit too long for their own good. The picture is easily the most violent in its series, with vicious on-screen stabbings that don't shy away from the absolute brutality that comes with shoving a piece of sharp metal into a person over and over again until they stop wriggling around. It's easy to confuse brutality for scariness, but that's not what happens here; the flick finds a good balance between the two elements, even if it succeeds more in delivering the former. After its solid opening, it takes a fair while for the feature to find its footing and feel fully comfortable with itself. Once it does, it becomes much more enjoyable. Despite a few hiccups here and there, it's quite a bit of fun throughout. Ultimately, this is a worthwhile addition to its series (even though both post-'Scream 3 (2000)' efforts feel like epilogues rather than straightforward continuations) that introduces a few compelling new characters, relishes its whodunnit elements and indulges in its nasty violence. It's an entertaining experience that also just so happens to feature the franchise's most emotionally impactful kill since Randy bit the dust in 'Scream 2 (1997)'."
"502" "Just back from the cinema and I cannot wait to go again. Am a MASSIVE Scream fan.In some ways this was even more horrifying than the first film. 10/10 for sure.Wes Craven would be so bloody proud!!"
"503" "I've always love the Scream films but I feel disappointed for this sequel. The characters are amateur and clumsy. Sid, Gale and Dwight didn't show their best like they used to. Ah, I don't know. Or is it just because my personal preferences are always been for classic things and ain't accept the modern ways?"
"504" "IT WAS SO BAD I WOULD GIVE IT A ZERO. BUT THATS NOT POSSIBLE SO I HAVE TO GIVE U A 1. It's shockingly bad.So many loose ends I don't where to start. Only good things about the film was Dewy."
"505" "Big big fan of the original here. The sequel was good. Ball got dropped on the 3rd and completely deflated by the 4th. But I love Wes C's work (RIP legend). This one was awesome for me and I'm sure would of done him proud!I really enjoyed the Easter eggs dropped throughout this one and the links in the storyline to the first film.Lots of familiar faces from recent things (You, The Boys, 13 Reasons Why) and our lovely legendary survivors from the original Screams (David's Dewey is so lovely to see as always, Neve Campbell is just so beautiful, I just wish Courtney wouldn't of done so much to her gorgeous face, shes so naturally beautiful FFS!) I don't think you should expect fire works but it's enjoyable with a good storyline. And so many cameos to listen out for! It's a real treat for a big Scream franchise fan."
"506" "What an amazing reboot this is possibly the third best in the franchise I really enjoyed it more than a few of the others. I highly recommend this if you enjoyed the others."
"507" "Reading the reviews I thought it can't be that bad and actually wanted to go see it in theater, glad I didn't. Kept watching cause you wanna see how it ends, yeah I just can't find the words.Even seeing it in as it's own movie, just no."
"508" "Well, damn. I did not expect this movie to be as good as it was nor did it have any right to be, especially for a January release. Right after that opening scene, I knew I was in for a treat. Ghostface was probably the most brutal and scary that he's ever been. They didn't hold back with the blood or gore in this one. It seems like this is what Scream 4 was trying to be: a return to the franchise that offered a new set of characters while still respecing the legacy characters. And I actually liked the new characters in this movie, especially the new final girl, Sam. It was nice seeing her estranged relationship with her sister be repaired over this tragedy. The three legacy characters who returned (Sydney, Gale, Dewey) were all great in this movie in their own ways. And be prepared for one of the most bonkers (but fun) 3rd acts you'll see in a movie. I also liked that this movie knew what it was and offered commentary on toxic fandoms. Overall, this is my favorite Scream sequel and an all-around fun movie that I would recommend to any franchise fan. Hope they end the series here since this is a new pretty bow on the franchise. Definitely check this one out!"
"509" "Okay, this movie was good, I don't think people should go into these types of movies expecting a cinema masterpiece, it will never happen, it is one of the strongest of the series, 1 is probably edging to the top but this is definitely a competitor, it's fun and honestly it pulled on my heart strings and made me care for the characters even the side ones, but the originals are back and did great, hopefully this is the end of the franchise because I think it's ending on a high, great acting and great ghost face kills, the reveal was also a fun one, I'd definitely watch at home again."
"510" "If you are nostalgic then you will enjoy seeing them continue to add to a classic. The killer(s) were predictable and brings to question some of of the believability behind the kills. It's time to let the Scream franchise go after this one."
"511" "It ruined the original trilogy for me for once and for all. Actors looked tired to even run from gunshots. Awful.Young audiences deserve better than to have filmmakers recycle the movies they enjoyed as kids."
"512" "Scream is a back with it's signature hyper aware silly horror mystery. Some of the original cast is back including Neve Campbell as Cindy Prescott. The issue with this movie isn't it doesn't do anything to differentiate itself from its predecessor and by the end it just all falls apart.First the good , the cast is endearing overall. You get you're stereotypical high school kids who all intentionally resemble the original casts in minor ways. I also thought David Arquette was maybe the most endearing I have ever seen him, the writing and his performance were terrific. The opening scene is probably the best part of the film. It is a rehash of Scream's legendary opening with Drew Barrymore. It is done very well and honestly surprised me how it played out.I don't like to spoil in reviews so I'll keep things vague.This movie borrows so much from the prior movies ... I almost don't see the point of making a new movie other than a cash grab and to update the jokes (we talk about the Babadook and Jordan Peele instead of Jason and Freddy.) The original Scream is done so much better than this, it is also required viewing if you are going to watch this. Ultimately I was disappointed in putting another 2 hours into the series and getting so little back. The end is also maybe the worst in the series and that is saying something. The motivations, reveals and action are just absolutely awful.The movie overall is a fun watch, and a Good Friday night watch with friends it is just shamelessly unoriginal and ultimately disappointing."
"513" "Now this movie is very self aware in acknowledging that it's pretty much remaking the first movie, and I appreciated that. It's still a fun gory and, at time, scary ride. It was nice to see the OG cast back together again, and I also enjoyed the new blood in the cast as well. I'm not going to say it's the most predictable movie, but fans of the franchise might be able to figure out who the killers are easy enough. Elements of the movie came off as a little corny and some of the humor didn't really hit that hard, but it's still a fun time. I think this is a pretty admirable addition to the franchise."
"514" "This franchise is known for having a basic and yet interesting whodunnit story but unfortunately for this movie, the story here was just too basic to be interesting. The story for this movie never hooked me and I just found myself bored while watching. Everything that happens in this movie is easily predictable, the trailer definitely doesn't help with this point as it spoils the movie, and is all over the place in a bad way. This movie's story focuses too much on nostalgia from all of the movies but especially the original one and it just gets too much for me. Now, when I said this the story was all of the place, I mean it especially when it comes to the movie's editing. This movie jumps around so much that it's hard to keep track of where everybody is and to even focus on the main story at hand. The editing also makes it super easy to figure things out in this movie. Despite this problem though the directors for this movie, Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett, still did an incredible job of building tension and suspense for certain scenes. There's one scene in particular that best shows this and leaves the audience on the edge of their seat waiting for something to happen. I would like to say that the only real good thing about this movie was the acting in it but honestly, it wasn't. The acting in this movie was just really bland to me and didn't really have any standouts other than Jack Quaid, who plays Richie. In the end, Scream 2022/5 is a decent movie to watch but doesn't have anything special about it to make it worth rewatching."
"515" "I went in with fairly low expectations, and came out of the cinema feeling thoroughly entertained. It wasn't perfect, but it was a very good installment, it managed to pack a lot in to what by today's standards is a moderate running time (refreshing not to be sat for 2.5 hours!) really scary movie. Good continuation of the series. The actors are great. Quite a creepy movie. Captivating storyline. It takes your breath away to watch this movie. Great job by the actors and writers."
"516" "For me, this is the best sequel out of all the sequels in this franchise. The movie was written and directed perfectly and the cast performance was also great. I loved it and didn't know when the movie ended, I was engaged in it this much.Overall, a great sequel and waiting for already announced 6th part and hoping that will be as great as this one."
"517" "I have seen this movie twice already and it is one of the best slasher films I have ever seen. Nothings better than a re-quel. Scream 5 is about-- Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, Calif., a new killer dons the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town's deadly past. This movie has a ground breaking budget of 24 million dollars!!!!!!"
"518" "Its good upto half movieAfter half it will get veryyy bad and its waste of time to watch this stupid movie.Its good upto half movieAfter half it will get veryyy bad and its waste of time to watch this stupid movie."
"519" "Surprisingly not bad as you think it i'll be.It has a lot of references to the original movie , but it's missing something but I enjoyed it.You should give it chance."
"520" "I'm just gonna call this 'Scream 5' because that's what it is, don't know why they didn't just call it that as its very confusing. But anyway I'm a huge fan of the 'Scream' franchise and have followed it since its very beginning. The first movie breathed life into the Slasher genre and still to this day remains one of my favourite horror movies of all-time, and also enjoyed the 2nd and aspects of the 3rd and the 4th one was pretty decent as-well.This is the first film not directed by Wes Craven who sadly passed away in 2015, which makes this the first not to have any involvement from the legend himself. Naturally I was very curious to see how that would go as well as worried. Thankfully this turned out to be a very solid movie, not the best in the franchise, it has a few issues, but for the most part its an extremely enjoyable slasher movie with a mostly fast pace, although there's a few pacing issues towards the middle. However it does manage to pull off something pretty difficult to do and that is introduce new characters into a world in which you're more interested in the original characters Sidney, Dewey and Gale than you are of the new people immediately and this movie is very aware of the fact.Like the other movies again this is very self-referential and talks about the way Hollywood has its reboot/sequels and 'Scream 5' while does these things, yet also poking fun at them at the same time. The new directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett does a stand up job here and thankfully don't try to outdo the original and instead makes something that fits in with the others nicely with some solid camerawork, excellent dark humour and an intense finale which is where things really amps up. However like I said there are some pacing issues in the middle that kinda drags a slight bit and some of the new characters seem slightly less fleshed out and the killer's identity lacked that shock moment (I figured it out by the half-way mark).As for the cast firstly let's talk about the original's first David Arquette as Dewey is awesome as always, he has a lot to do and gets in on the action fairly early on and brings that likeability from the previous 4 entries right over to this one. Neve Campbell is solid as the OG Sidney Prescott who doesn't show up properly until very later on, and when she does she nails it and brings that no nonsense nuance that she always brings to her character, there's a reason why she's so iconic. Speaking of iconic Courtney Cox as Gale Weathers is fantastic in her short screen time as always, but we could have used more of her. The newcomers Melissa Barrera and Jenny Ortega are phenomenal in their roles as the new main leads (in a way) sisters Sam and Tamara and both are definitely the heart and soul of this movie, they have the most characterization, the most time and give excellent performances. Dylan Minnette gives a solid performance in this relatively short screen time, but another standout is Jasmin Savoy Brown as Mindy the horror expert of the bunch with some genuinely funny moments.Overall I loved the clear affection the writers and film-makers had for the franchise with great nods to the original. Okay this will never stand as the best Scream of the bunch but this is a solid entry nonetheless."
"521" "Saw this in a 4DX theater and i have to admit i was very impressed. This is easily on par with the original Scream. I wish they would of gone one step further with the third act but other than that i think every Scream fan needs to go see this!!!"
"522" "I'm only 10mins into the movie. But seems like I'm giving it 5 just for the title ... so many scenes that make no sense and aren't logical at all.... just slash slash slash akhmmmm."
"523" "It's a good sequel and on par with scream 2 as a sequel I would say. It's scream for a new generation and the movie makes it pretty obvious where it's headed. I wish the main players of the past would've had more screen time and more connection to the story but other than that it plays it very close to the previous movies in terms of storyline and everything. So if you're expecting the wheel to get reinvented then this is not the movie you're gonna get. But if you want a fun slasher and a fun little nostalgic trip than this is it! Scream fans settle your expectations and you'll be in for a fun ride !"
"524" "Went and saw this earlier today. I've been a big fan of the Scream film since the first one came out in 1996. Being a huge horror fan how can you not? Bunch of horror fans trying to figure out who the killer is, Great premise! So this new one isn't as good as Scream, or Scream 2 but I liked it better than Scream 3 and 4 (don't get me wrong I liked Scream 3 and 4 I just thought this was better.) Great story, great Kills, this movie was just really fun."
"525" "THIS is how you bring back a franchise after a decade. This movie was everything we needed from Scream and more. The meta references were better than ever, Ghostface was brutal, so funny at times, directing was awesome, and just flat out fun. I am so happy with this installment."
"526" "Cant write practically anything on this movie. Every little word might result in a spoiler.But if you are from the generation who watch the very first, then watch this one too.Will bring back some old nostalgic feeling.Further, it is too much bloody."
"527" "\"Hollywood is out of ideas\" could not have said it better. Lame and predictable. They keep referring to the original... should have left it as the original. This is trash."
"528" "So this is my first review, so here we go...Nostalgic.Bloody.Inventive kills, which looked to be executed practically.Suspenseful.Emotional.Enjoyable.The entire motive for the film is ok. And I feel the meta/ self aware element got a little too much at times.I went to see a Scream movie, and I saw a Scream movie if that makes sense? Nothing massively unique brought to the table with this instalment. BUT I loved every second of it.My verdict ðŸ‘‡ðŸ¼Will watch again and would recommend ðŸ¤™ðŸ¼"
"529" "I loved the movie, and especially loved how it challenges the fans with information regarding the old Scream movies. As an old Scream fan, I loved every bit of it, and the plot twists were really good. Wes would be proud, really hoped the movie was longer."
"530" "SCREAM 5Was 17 when I saw the first one in 1996 on VHS, funny enough tho I saw Scream 2 first in the cinema only because my mates wanted to go see it. Watched Scream 3 with my cousin and sister thinking it was the final chapter and certainly felt like it was. Then came Scream 4 in 2011.....NEW RULES, THE GAME CHANGED supposed to usher in a new trilogy.....but then nothing came after, 10 years later however we have the 5th Installment, some people will call it a reboot/sequel......no to me its just the 5th chapter in the Scream Saga. I enjoyed the movie, the kills were gory but in terms of how it rank with the other movies I would say its probably my 3rd favorite SCARY MOVIE in the franchise."
"531" "A decade after Dimension failed to re-launch Scream (or Kevin Williamson did his best to murder the franchise with a cynical, spiteful observation of the youth of the new century, which I actually thought was genius), Radio Silence have picked it up and given it \"The Force Awakens\" treatment. A fan pleasing, well oiled bit of movie nostalgia that aims to create the opportunities for more sequels while keeping the elder Gods under the Cabin in the Woods happy.Sadly, the movie decides some witty wordplay and emotional reunions of a returning legacy cast is enough for one film, forgetting that the joy of Scream was the ridiculous of teens being aware of horror movies, while falling prey to the same conventions they openly mocked. One character's death is so loudly broadcast when she's seen ordering sushi alone, having had but one line previously, it's a wonder she didn't just look up and say \"what's with the cameras in my kitchen? Are you filming this? Am I about to die?\" Like, yes, you are, that's how little thought the writers put into you. This isn't a bait-and-switch like Randy or Olivia or even Tom before, this is just lazy writing.Thankfully, the writers aren't the stars here, and the cast all put in excellent work. Mindy is a perfect Randy relative: she's knowledgeable, bright, and really, really annoying at times, like he was. Tara, the film's opening victim gets more sympathy from the audience than I think even Casey Becker did, as she fights, slips, crawls and screams for her life. Richie is loveable, dorky and a great audience surrogate, dragged to Woodsboro by his traumatised girlfriend, Sam, and dropped in the middle of a dangerous family drama.Then, of course, there are the returning legacy characters. Each get an epic reintroduction (Dewey's new way of life being the biggest shock) and a moment to remind the audience just why they have endured. Their inclusion in the final act is well done: neither the focus, nor forgotten about, they add 25 years of flavour to an otherwise already excellent confrontation.And what a third act it is. Unlike the rather perfunctory set up in acts one and two, act three begins with a swift murder then a 20 minute fight as Sid, Gale and Sam try to figure out just who is killing who and who can or cannot be trusted. Billy told Sid, 25 years ago, not to blame the movies, but in 2022, the movies are very much to blame (albeit for different reasons). It's a riot of blood, violence, jokes and comeuppance.Overall, this is not a bad movie, but it is a bad Scream film. The writers spend too long talking about \"other\" movies, instead of doing something new. Death scenes are telegraphed simply (remember when Kenny and Sid watched the monitor, not realising Ghostface had already chased them down? Or the numerous fake outs of Cici alone in the sorority house before we see Ghostface slip in through an open door? Nothing that creative is here). Instead, we have a very simple installment, with a great sense of humour and a very good cast. Here's hoping they can build on it for the inevitable re-re-quel."
"532" "I really loved the new SCREAM. I think that Wes Craven would be really proud of this movie.However, I think that it should have been more scarier and the use of the main trio is not really well done.The story line is very good and thrilling.It has a lot of hangers that are really interesting."
"533" "If you are a fan of the saga you will love this movie.I would say that it is the best in the sense that the actors did an excellent job developing the new characters without removing the protagonist from the originals. The characters get into our thoughts and give us perspective on how the movie unfolds, seeing from the outside and inside. Excellent story to introduce the new characters and mix them with the old ones. I feel that it lacks a bit of character when they discover the identity of the murderers but the emotion is not lost since the beginning of the movie."
"534" "...but that's about all the good about this movie. Stupid choices, bad lines, old wrinkled characters mixed with new (cute but psycho) young characters... A movie that will leave you with an empty feeling, like you've been STABbed... And - of course! - they HAD TO include lesbians too..."
"535" "I went into this movie expecting the worst, but I was pleasantly surprised. Wish I would have ordered a pizza for this one. Definitely a worthy requel.It's a solid scream movie. It probably should have been released during Halloween though."
"536" "I almost never write reviews but this movie was so bad that it felt like my responsibility to let others know not to waste their precious time watching this rubbish!"
"537" "It's ok, not bad, the gore is alright as amount but the kills could've been easily avoided. Remember the feeling u had for some jigsaw traps? YES, THAT!Anyway, a smart thing writers did early in the movie is that: one of the characters will explain to u why u should like this movie!!!!! It was really smart.If u r a fan if Scream, most likely u will not love this movie..but all in all..meh!"
"538" "Fifth entry in the successful Scream slasher franchise but rather than call it Scream 5 we simply get Scream. Just back from watching it at the cinema and I enjoyed it. It was nice having original cast members Courteney Cox, Neve Campbell and David Arquette in it but they pretty much take a back seat to a fresh cast of teens. There is a lot of fun to be had, many horror movies get name checked and at times it is incredibly silly, but it also packs in many jump scares and some very bloody kills. I have never heard of the word requel before but one character describes the unfolding events here as one. I preferred this to either of the recent Halloween reboots."
"539" "I loved this film. They didn't try to one up the older films, the script celebrates the slasher genre while also providing some very solid kills. It's everything it needed to be.This is a must watch for scream and slasher fans. Not because it reinvented the wheel, but because it's celebrating how good the wheel already is."
"540" "For a requel, Radio Silence's 2022 upgrade of Wes Craven's Scream is mostly enjoyable. It does its job of staying true to its foundations - there's a new set of youngsters being targeted by Ghostface, there's the return of legacy characters in substantial roles, and there's lots of stabbing. Jenna Ortega and Melissa Barrera play the leads this time around, with enough backstory that keeps us interested in their survival, besides the eventual reveal of Ghostface. Also, the writers James Vanderbilt & Guy Busick pack the film with one too many meta-references to the franchise, its iconic characters, and horror movies as a whole.Scream also takes detailed stabs (pun intended!) at horror movie fandom and the segregation between slashers and arthouse horror - something the late Wes Craven would have enjoyed, given how the landscape of the genre has changed over the years. I especially loved Neve Campbell in this, and her mature portrayal of Sidney had me floored. I certainly wouldn't mind another sequel if the makers can keep up the same momentum in the writing and directorial treatment."
"541" "I'd have to say I was hesitant BUT very open minded since the series is such a classic. So you gotta see it regardless!! . Genuinely had me guessing who the killer(s) could be. But by the time time of the reveal at the end came it was kinda obvious (unfortunately) whereas for scream 4's reveal I was SHOCKED but the killers they choose seemed very scream 4 (ish) so it was like rewatching (not getting shocked as intensely as scream 4). The plot of \"adding to\" the original story seems like something I'd make up in a creative writing horror class.... BUT it was executed very well. It sucked not seeming much of the original cast members get such lack of screen time. However overall it was pretty good. Very likeable characters and I do look forward to see what the future holds for the franchise."
"542" "Perfect movie I enjoy every seen every character perfect timeline no filling , unpredictable killer it was the scream movie I was waiting for, honesty I was afraid before entering theater that they will mess up the franchise and will be no creativity or just a commercial movie but thanks God I was mistaken :)"
"543" "This movie is completely different then the other 4 movies combined , yes the first one will always be better . But this movie has crazy turns happening every step of the way and the fact you can't tell who is the killer is amazing ! I'm super glad it adds some what comedy and a lot of horror and Blood . I think Wes would be super proud and even tho this movie wasn't perfect? What movie would."
"544" "The only truly good \"Scream\" film is the original, all others have been sad attempts to recapture the fun of first. Number two was tolerable, number three was just super cheesy, I never even bothered watching four and I'm sorry but 5 is just atrocious. The acting, script, everything, is just abysmal from the new and the old cast, the story is boring and rehashed over and over again. Not a single redeeming quality in this movie. Every character new or old is just terrible and you want them all to die. Courtney cox had had far to much work done and now looks like the joker without makeup on.Do yourself a favour and don't waste your time.Wes Craven must be rolling over in his grave and let's be honest he was a pretty horrible filmmaker but even he would be cringing at this disaster."
"545" "Really great sequel that had the perfect balance of brutality and humour that made the first movie so great. Lots of thrown in references, some obvious and some less obvious to give a kick to the OG fans. Acting was all pretty solid, and the killer was not predictable in the slightest. Really solid movie and by far the best Scream movie since the first. Personally I'd put it equal to the first (not in a revolutionary way, but a quality way). Recommend."
"546" "Lets start with the visuals and the storyline has improved alot compared to the past sequels and the jump scares are more random n unpredictable then past sequels also.They tried to make the characters more relevant to the current times by incorporating elements that scream 2022 but they also fell short at the same time.They made the characters much more aware and smarter Involving their situational awareness but for some reason they didnt keep it consistent and it kinda felt like they dropped the ball on it when you would see like the characters acting smarter n more aware but then some parts they act like they just stupid same old low Situation awareness characters.I guess the best way to sum up what i said up above is giving a comparison of lets say a kid finds $100 on the street only too later in the day lose & drop $100 causing him to basically end up with nothing again.Also predicting the killer was too easy and this isnt a spoiler cause every character gets a scene that makes them look very guilty.Not to reveal anything I had noticed a specific scene where the interaction seemed very suspicious but it was so quick like 2 seconds so it can be very easy to miss if u not paying full attention.Anyway I just wish they would make a Scream Movie where the characters react fully like real people would like u know u wouldnt hit a killer with a weapon n knock him down and then u try to run lol cuz after so many horror movies its always proven it doesnt work.Obviously u would take advantage of the timing to get the weapon to strike the killer down.Or maybe even punch/kick the killer in their wounded spot or private spots or something.How about tryin to call the cops instead of standing around lol.They need to start directing slasher movies with more modern ways of reacting to the dangerous situations instead of repeating over and over the same reactions from the characters in every sequels."
"547" "I was screaming throughout the movie....... out of DISGUST!!!!Trying to get back to my normal senses. Like really? Throughout the movie it seemed that the script has been inspired by some MASALA movie vibes. It was all about blood-shed, gibberish, and absolutely stunning stupidities.An undoubtedly astonishing horrendous movie. It's gonna make me scream for the next few day!!!"
"548" "Scream was an amazing movie where it connects with the past and legacy characters and also sets up a trilogy.There are many shocking twists and turns during the film and the trailers don't spoil much. It has decent commentary on toxic fandom ruining great franchises and the motives and backstories of the new characters make a lot of sense. Very deserving of Wes' legacy. I am excited for what scream six will bring and I have high expectations for it because of how well they did with this one."
"549" "And the one from 2011 was already not great and very forgettable. And there's another coming in 2023??!! Why??!! And Loomis had a child??? He supposedly died at like 16! That's total nonsense!!! Stop with this! It's like Halloween, the first 3 are good than it becomes repetitive nonsense! Why keep going when reviews are at best average?!"
"550" "Just finished watching this one and I have come away both enjoying it and disappointed with the movie.I liked the way the three old characters came back into it and I think this film needed them in it.The death scenes were very good and a step universal the previous outings of this series of movies.The almost two hours running time went very quickly, so the good parts about this movie were really good.The bad parts were not as much as to spoil the film but they just were in there and made this movie not great.The twist was pointless and awful, I almost thought oh my god can't they think of a better twist, it was a very lazy way of having this movie ruined by it.Overall it was good if they bring a new out again I hope the twist will be worth my time.Good but not great."
"551" "Here's The 4K Lowedown on \"Scream\" (R - 2022 - 4K) Genre: Horror/SlasherMy Score: 7.2 Cast=9 Acting=7 Plot=8 Ending=8 Story=6 Scare=4 Jump=7 F/X=8 Gore=8 Kills=74K: 7.6 HDR=9 Audio=7 Bright=8 Bass=6 Speech=825 years after a streak of brutal murders shocked Woodsboro, a new killer dons the Ghostface mask and is targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town's deadly past.\"You want me to help you and the host of a morning show to commit murder?\" My biggest disappointment was that they did not have Dolby Atmos on the 4K when they did in the theater. Other than that, the movie was pretty solid...good kills and gore but i wasn't as surprised by te kiler reveal as I used to be. This was a good watch, but I don't think the 4K is needed."
"552" "This is an exciting requel that defies all odds. It's gorrier, more meta, but at the same time emotional, suspenseful, and nerve wrecking.Most of the new cast is great, and our legacy trio strong as usual, even if slightly in the veteran background (in a way). I would have loved the movie if the leading girl (Sam) was better - her character, some acting and story felt like they needed more work (some initial parts are just off), but it all came together in its third act.I loved loved loved Jenna Ortega as Tara, Jasmin Savoy Brown as Mindy, and Jack Quaid as Richie.I hope this is the last SCREAM installment, at least for the next 10 years."
"553" "After all these years, this was a decent sequel but not without flaws. Intense from start to finish and has a great twist. The new cast did a great job and the kills were brutal and gory just as we needed them to be. Now lets come to the flaws. Too much diversity which was unnecessary. A gay character and a few bad performances."
"554" "This is a very scary movie. It has a great story line. It also has great acting. 7.2 is underrating it. It not has good has Scream 4 but it is almost has good. Scream 3 is also better. But still pretty good."
"555" "Not a terrible film but I did get bored towards the end. I think the thing that made the original so good was the mystery behind who the actual killer was, in this one, I think it's too obvious in the beginning - they try to make everyone a suspect but it falls sort of flat. I think they wasted the Wes kid - he's a good actor and he's not used as much. I would have liked to see him a larger plot character. I didn't like How they just HAD to throw a lesbian scene in there to please Hollywood... it had no point. Also, the bad dude from the bar with the long hair was a great idea that they wasted too early... my two cents."
"556" "Not bad for a reboot! Original is one of the classics , so It's always a pleasant surprise , when a new film is not bad ! Definitely recommended ! Unexpected !"
"557" "The best sequel in the franchise. Very well written and true to the story. Acting was amazing and possibly the best since the original. Must see for any horror fan and fan of Scream!"
"558" "Very stupid, predictable, often boring and ridiculous, especially those lengthy discussions between one stab and another. Basically nothing new (practically the same as in the original from 1996)."
"559" "The good - seeing some real actors from the previous movies.The bad: The script, the filming and the acting were beyond horrible.Bottom line, why ruin such a good franchise? Even if you have the money and the rights on this, can't you find someone who can do something good out of this?Another victim of someone's ego. Sad."
"560" "First let me assume the makers of this have never been to Modesto, California. Why are there no Hispanic people? Modesto is 86% Hispanic and in this movie there is only black people white people and Asian people. Do these guys go to the part of Modesto where no Hispanics live? I could not get over this and I am very upset. I tried getting into the story but wasn't able to. I say boycott this remake reimagining garbage. I understand Scream was purchased by another studio and they wanted to give it a try. However they should have just let the franchise die with the last garbage packed Scream movie with an all too real look at teenagers wanting to become famous by any means necessary. All in all Scream died with Jamie Kennedy in the 3rd one for me."
"561" "It's exactly what you'd expect it to be. There's nothing genius here, but the movie knows it's intentions and pulls it off pretty well. It's at times extremely nonsensical to where you almost feel insulted as an audience member, BUT, the pacing is good and there's enough suspense to keep you watching. If you're looking to go to the movies and put your brain on zombie auto-pilot then this movie's perfect."
"562" "I wish I were writing a very different review here, but, unfortunately, this is by far the weakest Scream film to date.The writers add nothing new save a psychosis angle that remains undeveloped, unnecessary, and not all that engaging. As to the engagement issue, the CGI they use to make the hallucinations work looks very fake.While the directors claimed this one would not be meta, they ended up making it meta anyway but did so by throwing out the most superficial references possible. Whereas the Scream franchise usually has interesting and insightful things to say about the nature of the films themselves, this one does not. Its commentary comes across as stilted and uninspired.And, sadly, that lack of inspiration and creativity permeates the movie, whose idea of creativity is just throwing as many references and callbacks to the first film as they can onto the screen. While this may have been intended as a love letter, it comes across as a cynical cash-grab well at odds with the directors' professed love of the franchise.Moreover, and I hate to say this, the lead actress, Melissa Barrera, gave a stiff and unconvincing performance. I never believed her emoting, and it was hard to invest in her as the main character when the entire rest of the cast were noticeably better in their roles. Of particular note is that character's younger sister, played by Jenny Ortega, who gave an excellent performance. She should have played the lead.I have been trying to avoid spoilers in this review, which is why I have been a little vague. But, overall, I have to say I came away from Scream (2022) frustrated and disappointed. There were so many interesting ways this movie could have played out. And all the ingredients for a decent Scream movie were there, but the resulting film was but a shadow of what it could and should have been.Unless you are a diehard fan of the franchise, I would say to give this one a pass. And if you are a diehard fan, I would say to keep your expectations low."
"563" "I've never been much of a 'Scream' fan. I appreciate it for it's clever & original first entry, but it's far from the kind of horror I enjoy. Despite reading plenty of negative reviews, warning not to waste my time, I wanted to check it out, if nothing because I like Jack Quaid. But also because I wanted to see if I could guess who the killers are.I was totally off with my guess, which made it at least a bit interesting. These re/se/quels are getting less & less engaging and the characters/actors are becoming too old. You can see the uncanniness in Cox's plastic face, she looks tired & stretched thin. The gore & kills are not very imaginative, except one.If you like horror movies, skip this one. It will leave a sour taste in your mouth, especially with how they are retconning some things. But if you wanna get blazed and have a laugh at a \"so bad, it's good\" movie, this is it. Torrent it tho. Don't give any more money to this or they will never stop."
"564" "A great horror movie! It is quite gory but not as bad as I expected, for all the scream fans it's definitely worth a watch, I loved the new cast and characters, everyone gave an amazing performance and this really does add to the amazing scream movies. If you loved scream one you will love this !! ðŸ‘»"
"565" "This was the first Scream movie I watched, and for me nostalgy is the only explanation why this movie could have gotten such good ratings here.As a dish served for its die-hard fan base it seems to do a great job, but anyone not going into this with inside jokes of the franchise fresh on their mind will be pretty bored.And it is not even that it would be too hard to understand, it's pretty easy to catch up with no former knowledge to the Scream universe. However, their cutsy references and convoluted movie-in-a-movie and requel theories are just not that clever after all and get old pretty quickly.The worst part for me however was, that the movie is just not scary. Not as a horror movie, or even as a slasher movie."
"566" "I don't know what to think. I liked it! I agreed with one of the characters saying that Hollywood always ran out of idea! But not this movie...This movie felt so fresh and part of the originals! Hollywood...you need use your imagination. No more remake or reboot. We hate remake! Scream 2022 is NOT reboot or remake...it's requeal!"
"567" "Ok, I really enjoyed the film. Its exactly a Scream film. BTW, I actually liked all of them, including the ones some fans did not like. Im not expecting Shakespeare here. Just a slasher flick with a not too useless final girl that can fight back, and a group of characters I can care about enough to not be bored. ALL OF THE SCREAM FILMS ARE VERY WATCHABLE. But even though I'm not a mega fan, I was really touched by the way they handled this franchise. Im a Wes Craven fan, and Ima. 90's kid. How could I not be impressed?"
"568" "I walked out of the cinema Nothing new no suspense it was sooooo boring and I had no patience to waste my time in this nonsense horror movie which it wasn t."
"569" "This Movie Is Brilliant ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ I Think This Movie Is Going To Make A Best Seary Movie In 2022, I Saying To You All Watch This Movie, I'm Sure You Will Be Stil Happy,"
"570" "Brutal and gory kills mixed with intelligent humour and some great new characters makes a great horror outing. Try to avoid spoilers before going in, as this instalment is shocking and very satisfying."
"571" "They have done all with this film, it never takes itself too seriously and makes no pretence to be anything else. It has all the ingredients you expect including some original stars and makes the best of them with a lot of twists.Not quite so harmless fun but if you like this sort of thing you won't be disappointed."
"572" "Best one since the original. Respects the original and characters but introduces new exciting twists to keep the story fresh. The new cast are talented and harkens back to the first Scream. Self-aware, breaking walls, talking to the audience filled with pop-culture. Plus also asking the audience \"in this time of smart horrors with psychological fears, how can Scream scare you\"?It does scare you. But also leaves you with a chuckle cause the makers of it enjoy in killing of characters in bloody, gory deaths. Murder never was this fun!"
"573" "I really enjoy all the scream films but was 4 was abit too teeny for me so was worried about this instalment but they managed to fined the same feel as the original, and was more brutal which is what I wanted so overall very happy."
"574" "A worn out formula; cliches, cliches and more cliches. Violent and gory and nonetheless boring to the bone. The main villains?. Cartoonish. The one liners? Already said a zillion times. The motivations?. Laughable at least. What a piece of crap. Ahh, there was a villain's hahaha too."
"575" "This film harks back to the previous films, that doesn't mention them but mentions your mind set watching them. All together good fun film, especially if you were a 90s watcher like me. I liked it, don't think new viewers would expect a sequel. SCREAM 1 much better."
"576" "It's literally just like the first Scream but if the first Scream was made in 2022.What makes this franchise so special is that it doesn't have loads of installments like other horror movies and also exists with huge time gaps, about 10 years for the past 3. This gap allows room for a lot of build up in every aspect a movie is created from and for.Sadly, Wes Craven wasn't a part of this one and it's obvious. However, it's not bad by no means and had great moments of build up and tension. It was heavily suspenseful unlike 3 and 4. It was very brutal in kill count in terms of fan-favorites/emotional connection like 2 and had the originality like the original by allowing itself to be a complete replica and a little too satirical. The movie becomes so self-aware to a point that it turns into less of a horror and more of a mystery that so happens to have an active serial killer.It's entertaining and the casts delivers. Scream (2022) or Scream 5 or Scream has tons of risky moments and plot and easter eggs to save it from being another surfaced reboot. It's 100% clear that it is for the diehard fans at the end of the day."
"577" "-\"Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, Calif., a new killer dons the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town's deadly past.\""
"578" "Filled with the satire that characterized Wes Craven's first four films, this remake/sequel to Scream works very well and opens up the possibility of continuing to see Ghostface on screen."
"579" "Who in the hell is giving this garbage 7 stars? The first trilogy was predictable teen level crap but this is just a gorier just a predictable reboot. Neve Campbell is still an awful actress as is David Arquette. The only thing scary about this \"Requel\" is what Courtney Cox has done to her face."
"580" "I think the writers came up with a really cool concept for a 5th instalment to the scream franchise, but they missed the mark when it came to unmasking who the killer was. It feels like they kind of just gave up near the end and didn't put a lot of thought and time into planning a good and thought-provoking back story. I don't expect much from these movies, but I do care about the reveal. And In my opinion this was my least favourite reveal from any of the other scream movies."
"581" "I don't care what the haters think! Awesome, awesome movie. 'Nuff said. Not perfect but real close! I was waiting for this movie for some time and I felt it was well worth it!"
"582" "The movie was good if you hadn't watch the previous films and didn't know the basic characters then watching this movie would have made it seem like another semi good slasher movie if like me you have watched them then you will get a few nostalgic moments at best but definitely missed the mark with the possibilities with who the killer could have been (not gonna put spoiler in) but they could have done a lot better and gave us the best last movie version in a series at most this felt like scream 4 but done better."
"583" "Can not believe the lead actress couldn't act... Not making fun but her eyes... each eye looks in a different direction and it was distracting. Dewey was the best part about this movie. Overall it just lacked all the flavor of the first one.... Pretty bland and corny affair.Still can't get over how most of the acting from the \"new comers\" was just awfulWait to rent if you're at all interested."
"584" "It was an excruciating wait for the Scream (2022) to be delivered into the world, and it was well worth the wait. My introduction to the franchise was Scream (1996) on VHS 4:3, and I was immediately hooked. Having loved every film in the franchise, I'm no doubt just one of many who spent years typing Scream 5 into search engines, in the hope that the desire for another sequel would be realised by someone with the passion and skills to create it. I was overjoyed when it was finally announced, and went through a rollercoaster of emotions as I followed what was possibly one of the best film marketing campaigns I've ever experienced. Time passed incredibly slowly, but eventually, I was sitting in the cinema, mesmerized for the standard 110ish minutes that disappear like no time at all. Without spoiling anything, there were tributes to every preceding beloved film, a wonderful selection of new characters, as well as the mystery, suspense, gore, pop culture and social commentary that come together to make the strong Scream signature. It's unlikely that anybody has made it this far into the review, so I shall close of promptly here."
"585" "Honestly I went in with medium expectations and I would up loving it. It is funny and with a ton of throwbacks which is why it worked. The new cast is sweet but they are not very good actors at all. But it really didn't matter because it soooo much fun! I will say the only thing that took me out of it were the two killers at the end. They were NO WHERE near as good as the originals. Aside from that it was great!"
"586" "I'm not a horror guy but I enjoyed the first two Scream movies. I should point out I only seen parts of Scream 3 and I seen Scream 4 in 2020. I don't love Scream 5 but its good.The acting is really good. Yes, the legacy actors are good. The characters are thin but the main character is fairly fleshed out.The Scream movies are famous for their meta humor and movie references. This movie is really meta mainly in the third act. Reboots are so common so they're a huge topic. The humor didn't work for me but there were a few funny lines.Scream 5 is tense but not gripping. I was invested, I wanted to know how it ends. Most of the jump scares are dull, I was startled once. I took a quick washroom break during the second act which was bad timing. Yes, this movie is really bloody.Overall, Scream 5 is a good movie. If you're a fan, go check it out soon. I guess Scream 5 came out in January since its safe. I'm fine with Scream 5 being the last one but Paramount is already developing Scream 6."
"587" "An unexpectedly solid entry in one of the better and smarter horror franchises out there. The filmmakers bring back all the fan favorites and give them something to do without destroying their legacy like so many other reboots/sequels/requels do and still makes time to introduce us to a new group of knife fodder. The good news is that these are characters likable enough to not want to see them get butchered within 5 minutes of meeting them. I'm curious to see where the filmmakers take the series next."
"588" "Almost a carbon copy of all of the previous parts...and I mean CARBON COPY!That being said, the Scream franchise remains entertaining...but it won't be winning any Oscars anytime soon.Same story, with a few different characters. They even use the same house.But if you like the franchise, you'll like this. It's not the best instalment, but it holds up well enough."
"589" "Reviewing these kind of movies is generally quite a task, of course i'm talking about cheesy slashers that rely mainly on 'shock factor' rather than good writing. The original Scream in my opinion is the pioneer of these films, and it does an excellent job at it, keeping the audience on their seats with unexpected plot twists and gore whilst also remaining humorous and riddled with iconic one liners.One of the main problems with this movie is that they pulled so many scenes straight from the first movie, which at first was a nice tribute to the director, but as i noticed more and more reused scenes it just felt forced and made the movie just outright boring.One of the better things about this movie was the return of some of the original Scream's main cast in particular Dewey, played by David Arquette who was definitely one of the highlights of this movie and of course Sidney Prescott played by Neve Campbell and Gale Weathers played by Courtney Cox.One of the biggest problems with this movie is how predictable it was, this was mainly due to the overuse of old scenes, not only that but me and my viewing party knew who one of the killers within the first 40-50 minutes of the movie, where as in the first movie i, as well as many other were shocked at the reveal of the killers, as it was unexpected and honestly pretty well written. On top of this, the second killer in this movie had about 5 minutes of screen time prior to the reveal, meaning that the audience has little to no attachment to the character.But in conclusion, would i recommend watching this film? If your a fan of the franchise, sure. If your not a fan of the franchise, then id recommend spending your money elsewhere."
"590" "This movie was incredible. Could've used less meta jokes, but other than that, i loved it. I've been obsessed with these movies since i was 12 years old and this was a perfect addition. Predictable, but in the lovable way that these movies are. While i predicted one of the killers, the other totally surprised me. Jenna ortega shocked me with her incredible acting. Definitely my favorite first opening scene since the original. It had exactly the thing the last 3 sequels lacked."
"591" "The pacing was way too fast and the set up for three of the deaths was completely ridiculous but overall, it still one of the stronger entries of the series."
"592" "Way too fake, just absoulty shocking.Definitely not worth the watches just terrible. Have no idea why the famous actors would really agree to act in this with such a rubbish write up and shocking directing.Love the scream movies 1 2 3 but this new scream film has completely lost the audience attention. This is just embarrassing to watch. Soo annoyed 2 hours of my life not going to get back.if I could give this a -10 I would.They should of just stuck with a comedy maybe then it wouldn't of looked soo bad.DO NOT WATCH THIS RUBBISH."
"593" "Sidney, Gale, and Dewey are reunited to help solve yet another vicious Woodsboro murder spree that's tied to the victims of past massacres. To the filmmakers' credit, they do a good job in bringing the original trio back in a smart way that makes some sort of logical sense even if they aren't given as much to do as many fans would hope. The murders are more brutal this time around as well, but the final killer reveal leaves a bit to be desired."
"594" "Scream, AKA Scream V, is a loving send-off to Wes Craven's franchise and contains plenty of nostalgia for fans who enjoy Scream's postmodern circumvention of horror conventions while simultaneously paying tribute to classic horror. Ironically, the original Scream began its course as a tribute to slasher horror from the 70's and 80's but by now, the original Scream has become a classic in and of itself. The Scream fandom has come full circle.Like the previous movies, there's plenty of twists and turns even when the killer explains the rules to the audience. Following an era of supernatural, psychological horror films such as The Babadook (2014) and Hereditary (2018), it's refreshing to see the slasher and whodunit formula make a comeback with Scream V. However, in a sequel that makes a point of taking after the original, one gripe I have is with the rapid pacing and setting. Most likely this is due to screenwriter Kevin Williamson's absence with this project but the small town setting feels threadbare in this movie and doesn't grow on you as much as in the original Scream. Nevertheless, it's still a fairly good tribute to the franchise as a whole and Scream fans should find plenty of references, laughs and riots to enjoy in this one. - 8/10."
"595" "The best scream since the sequel yes it could of been better but it could of been worse too. The plot is good and the acting is too. The character development could of been better but it's still better then the 4th. There's characters you like in this one which the last 2 in the series failed at. Still it's not amazing and could of been better and at times it seemed rushed but it's still a fun film."
"596" "Chompcrc here. If any of the filmmakers read this, I need you to know that this movie has way too many F bombs in it. All of the other films together don't even come close. These teenagers have the worst mouths in the franchise. Even the adults fall back on the language for dramatic affect. Nothing like a 16 year old girl yelling MFer to make your movie seem realistic. Cheap, lazy writing. I have watched all of the other Screams with my kids, but this one embarrassed me. ITS NOT NECESSARY TO TELL THE STORY! Otherwise, the movie was good. The killer's motives were realistic, and the next logical step in the progression of the series. I love Randy's niece, and like that they could move forward without any legacy cast members. If you do make another one, cool it on the language."
"597" "Where do I start with this movie? It's not supposed to be a remake, but it steals the original movie's title and isn't called Scream 5 even though it is the FIFTH movie. It's a movie that has the three original survivors of the scream franchise (Dewey, Sydney, and Gale) who all should have said no to this lack-luster sequel. This is the first to not be directed by the legendary Wes Craven... R. I. P. Mr. Craven. I didn't enjoy a single thing about this movie. It's got inside name gags. (WES Hicks, Tara and Sam CARPENTER) Honestly, this whole movie is just a joke for the director to point and laugh in the audience faces. This movie is exactly what the Halloween franchise is becoming with Halloween Kills and the next ridiculous sequel coming out soon. If you're a fan of Scream skip this STINKER and watch the originals. Whoever made this should be ashamed of themselves for further burying this series in the ground. Wes Craven is for a fact rolling around in his grave. Even the rules of survival is more backwards and ruined."
"598" "Being a huge Scream fan I was really looking forward to seeing this. I am glad I didn't read any reviews beforehand. It was more bloody than previous outings. It was great to see the 3 OGs back. I loved the story and it's throwback to the original. A great scary movie with a few surprises."
"599" "Mostly good casting. However it is missing certain elements that made the original movie standout. One of those things is the tone of the movie. Secondly, the reason as to why the murders are happening. Enjoyable and underwhelming at the same time. Perhaps I expected too much."
"600" "Not a mold breaker like the original, but entertaining enough. Nice mix of new and old characters and enough self awareness to feel fresh in an an age of reboots and recycled ideas. Pays homage to the original while bringing in enough new ideas that it doesn't feel like an unnecessary chapter."
"601" "After a spree of vicious attacks, a woman learns that the kills are being conducted by a masked killer attempting to tie her and her sisters' friends into the town's gruesome history of masked-faced serial killers and sets out with previous survivors of the massacres to stop the current killers.Overall, this was a decidedly fine if underwhelming reboot. One of the better features here is the rather strong setup that not only provides this one with some strong tie-ins to the rest of the series but also has a lot to like on its own. The modernized take on bringing together franchise individuals and previous participants that have appeared before makes this feel quite in league with the series of franchise setups that have been at play before in order to enhance the storyline is quite intriguing which sets up the fun to come. With that comes some of the underwhelming if somewhat brutal stalking scenes which are quite well-handled here, generating some fine gore with the stalking in the hospital or the finale in the house where the majority of the action at the end takes place, it all has some traditional franchise aspects to like about it which holds it up altogether. There are some big problems with this one. The main drawback on display is the seemingly unrealistic interjections of meta-ness in an effort to appear hip and trendy, a problem that so many of the other entries in the series suffer from as well. The idea of the killer constantly talking about modern genre films and the series of debates within the community that is still raging to this day featuring clues and triggers that are intending to reference these discussions as key points in the threats is incredibly ham-fisted and almost feel like conversations written off of internet arguments verbatim. The way they're included in the conversations here about trying to figure out the identity of the killer and their motive that just tries way too hard to be clever but is just annoying and aggravating to hear people try to talk like this when it's not how normal people interact. Another drawback with this one is the films' rather uninvolving pace that makes for long stretches of time that has nothing interesting going on. The conversations about the rules of the genre in the modern age have their own issues while the rest of this is unneeded abandonment issues, neglect, and just plain banal high-school drama that isn't in the slightest bit interesting or relevant to the rest of the film. Realizing the different interactions within the group of friends are just wasting space with nothing very interesting going on and making for an overlong running time is the worst part since the legacy characters provide nothing of any real interest so this takes quite a while until something happens. Lastly, there's the problem here with the finale where so much happens that it's impossible to take in. Since this one has such a sluggish lead-up to the big confrontation at the end, so much of the finale is rushed and flies by. Throwing tons of revelations and reveals out in this period, along with the battling and brawling that once again utilizes the standard in the franchise of people way too physically improbable to be the killer putting up a fair fight and at some points winning against more capable and imposing individuals than they are, crams up the works quite heavily and derailing this significantly. That tends to make quite a lot of the previous encounters feel far more like cheats due to the inability to recognize that the killer being put forth as being responsible is actually the one doing these crimes and causes everything to be that much harder to accept. These are the drawbacks on display here.Rated R: Graphic Violence and Graphic Language."
"602" "Why? Why? Why beat a dead horse?The Scream franchise was such a fresh take on the classic horror tropes. Even the third installment, of which came about after a ten-year gap, was fairly original.I get it. New generation. But create something new; don't ride the coattails.Talk about a testament to the genius of Wes Craven. Two directors (for the new film) and they still can't even get half way there.The original characters were under-utilized and the new characters were, frankly, lacking character.I watched it out of franchise loyalty, but walked away very disappointed.Time to let this one go. Don't completely ruin the legacy."
"603" "Loved it. Takes everything from the first one and adds little twists to it. Scream films are basically whodunnits. They lay homage to all the greats, the new characters aren't complete dbags and the old ones genuinely bring the nostalgia. Plus some brutal gore ðŸ‘ Watching it again."
"604" "I gave this film a 9 out of 10 because I believe this film was very faithful to all of the Scream films that Wes Craven made. I say this because this film would've made Wes smile and I was honestly nearly teared up by the end of this.Ghostface was a menace in this one, he even got more room to breathe when it came to dialogue. Normally it felt a little rushed but in this one it didn't. The kills were extremely satisfying as well and my god was it brutal.That being said the story of this one was definitely carefully planned. They didn't do anything drastic and nor was the formula changed. It felt like Wes was making the film spiritually. If anything, the directors who wrote and directed this should definitely be the ones who make more of the Scream films because they know what they are doing with it. Respectfully as well."
"605" "After Scream 4 took the franchise in a wacky and ambitious direction (which totally paid off), I was reluctant to see what would happen here. Especially without the backing of Wes, Kevin or Marco to provide the magic.The result was a modest yet thoroughly entertaining dedication to franchise fans. I understand why people will be underwhelmed with this film, however it avoided the pitfalls of elevated/atmospheric horror films that are being circulated these days, and provided a fresh new cast where I didn't want to see any of them die.It pays homage to characters of previous films in fairly transparent ways while also having it's own style. My only hope is that they leave it here, as I doubt that this franchise has much left in the tank. That said, I'm sure I left the cinema in 2011 thinking something very similar after Scream 4..."
"606" "Not even a lil bit horror. Verry verry bad... i would choose \"clifford\" instead of this. Cliches after cliches and not even good ones. I hope that its the last scream movie."
"607" "Although a \"re-quel\", I personally think this film evolves a little too much around the first Scream movie, but it still adds some pretty cool moments to the franchise.The classic fourth wall breaks, gore and eerie phone calls are in there of course. Cast members from the first film come back, to which I have pros and cons. I especially loved how Billy Loomis appears and how they continue his story, but while Neve Campbell doesn't fail by any means, it just seemed like she either wasn't as into the role of Sidney, or she was given a more mellow script this time.The new cast and characters are fine, you learn to like or dislike them all in some way or another, while also maintaining not to trust anyone until it's over.I think it will make the hardcore fans of the franchise happy, and while I found it to be predictable and reliant on the first film, it was an enjoyable ride for me. Is it the best Scream in the franchise? To me, no. But I am ultimately glad I saw it and will likely see again."
"608" "I enjoyed watching it, but something was bugging me the whole time. Oh, yes - women empowahment! Yeah, they made it too obvious. Good thing that there was at 1 one good (white) guy. They should have named it \"Woke scream'', as almost everything else nowadays, this too has a message. I really hope there will be real movies soon enough, because I'm sick of politics in these so called \"movies\" in the recent years. I'm still giving it a 6, because it was not completely woke, and I liked the acting of David and Jenna. I realize it's too much for this crap, but I got my biases."
"609" "The kills, the thrills, the drama and the unexpected, it's all there. It makes for a great ride all the way through, the formula is still the same, whodunnit slasher that keeps you guessing till the end. Entertaining for fans old and new and the script is seriously well done, movie and characters are so self aware it's sometimes crazy, but fun nonetheless. Wes would be proud."
"610" "Yet another scream movie was totally unnecessary. But turns out its the second best out of all of them.Its really what the terrible scream 4 wanted too be. A \"reboot\" that wants to bring in a new audience while keeping the old one happy. Of course they say this themselves during the movie. As they've all had that meta thing going on. The difference this time is that there are some genuine shocks and suspence in along with that. There's maybe one shock that'll annoy people, but I think they made it work in the end.The films gags generally work as well. With the new writers that are onboard taking the right approach in adding their own spin on things. Even having nice homages to Wes Craven himself."
"611" "I hate sam!!Always inexplicably angry,always cursing. The people in this movie are always swearing, and most can't understand why the detective send himself to die."
"612" "I liked it a lot! It kept me entertained throughout. If you grew up on the scream films like I did you will really enjoy this one. They kept it pretty similar to the original. Mindy's speech about requels was 100% accurate and that just lets you know that they were aware of who the target audience is. Would definitely recommend!"
"613" "Can we cast David Arquette in some more movies? The guy's still got it. For the fifth installment of a horror franchise this was actually pretty good. The movie does a solid job at playing with expectations and keeping you guessing. It moves along at a great pace too. The self-awareness the Scream movies have become known for is just slightly overdone here. Otherwise I had a good time with it."
"614" "Wow. Laughably bad. With such a weak storyline not sure how anyone thinks this is good. Nothing about this is remotely believable. Hopefully they remove from distribution and save others the misery."
"615" "Too bad there isn't negative rating... Cannot believe why they continue with old boring plots! Really save your time and watch anything else, even how armadillos mating is more interesting!"
"616" "Another decade, another Scream installment, now in current release. 11 years have passed since the last Wes Craven entry & it appears the Ghost Face killer has now restarted his (they?) killing spree w/the first victim, played by Jenna Ortega, is menaced via phone at home (shades of Drew Barrymore's death from the first film) until she is stabbed multiple times & surprisingly not killed prompting her estranged sister, played by In the Heights Melissa Barrera, to come from out of town w/her boyfriend, The Boys' Jack Quaid, to visit her at the hospital where she's healing up & also meeting her expanse of friends (who will soon be victims or revealed to be the killers behind this latest slew of slaughters) who have some ties to the original O. G.'s (Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox & David Arquette). Mixing up newcomers & returning participants from previous entries (Marley Shelton from part 4, Heather Matarazzo from part 3), the film works in fits & starts but it does miss the Craven touch (which this film is dedicated to) w/his elegant framing & tense murder scenes but being we're in the realm of the reboot, re-imagining, re-whatever, more of these are coming down the pike (the concluding Halloween chapter is due, I read Jeepers Creepers is getting a reboot) it all comes down to the viewer; want to invest in your nostalgia spend away."
"617" "Easily the best Scream sequel. It still has some similar issues but it's message, acting, and stakes really bring this up against the rest of the sequels. Obviously it's nowhere near being better than the OG but this does a lot right. There are actually stakes in this plot. The film doesn't hold back with both the new and old characters. The film hints to you that anyone can die now. They aren't protected anymore and we do see some gruesome deaths. I was able to call the major death but it still hit hard as their death was poetic and a final salute to that character. The new characters definitely were hit or miss for me. I really enjoyed Jenna Ortega's character a lot and she gives a great performance. I'm excited to see where her career goes from here. Melissa Barrera's character was also pretty good as well. She has ties to the original movie that don't feel too forced as they actually do something with this connection in the story. Courtney Cox, Neve Campbell, and David Arquette are all having a blast here and it was a ton of fun to see them on screen again. I really enjoyed that the film's main message this time was to poke fun at toxic fandoms. This is definitely something very prevalent in franchise films such as Star Wars, Marvel, and the DCEU and the commentary about how studios shouldn't appeal to these people because they won't be happy regardless. Their franchise films have to be exactly the way they want it but that's not how the business works unless you are the Director with unlimited creative freedom. The villains are tied to this idea throughout the villain. The message is good but the actual villains are once again weak. One of them is important to the story and is kinda good but the other isn't. The other villain comes out of nowhere but their death scenes were very satisfying. I would definitely recommend checking this out if you really liked the original Scream film."
"618" "I thought the film would've definitely benefited from a longer runtime. I don't think we got to spend enough time with either of the casts (new or legacy)"
"619" "So, this isn't a requel, reboot, rehash or \"re\" anything. This is Scream 5. Let's get that straight up front. I'm not going into spoiler territory here, so I'll keep it vague. I will say, I loved how the new generation of Woodsboro teens are introduced - the main girl, Sam, is naturally easy to like and intriguing, as are the Meeks twins and their expanding circle of friends. Their connection felt reminiscent of how Sidney, Tatum, Randy and the others interact with each other.Speaking of legacy characters, they're brought into the story of 'Scream 5' very smoothly and with good reason for being there. Dewey, Sidney and Gale all have their time to shine in this film, and it all plays out gloriously. If you're a fan, you'll be grinning ear to ear.Ghostface is brutal! There are kills that are so savage I was actually shocked! Twists, turns and gore abound; this film absolutely pulls no punches. That's all you need to know!Cinematography is good, direction is slick, writing is witty. This film has a good amount of parallels to the original but it's not over the top. This doesn't rely solely on nostalgia and that's a good thing in my opinion. I'm seriously impressed and will be seeing it again tomorrow, and many more times in my life.All in all, yeah, 'Scream 5' is worth the wait. Wes Craven's spirit is indeed alive in this film! Great to see the franchise thriving with this strong sequel and I can't wait to see what's next!"
"620" "What Wes Craven started years ago had so many messages and somehow, after his passing, they managed to end it in a incredible way. I am absolutely amazed at the way they managed to put together both twists and these messages the OGs started. Also, seeing Dewey, Sidney and Gale succeed to make \"hearts warm\" and see their ahead."
"621" "This addition to the franchise has managed to do what Scream 4 may have set out to do. It provided enough legacy elements and the familiar Woodsboro setting. A new gang of teens who I found to be rather more interesting than in some of the sequels. For the first time I found myself not wanting some of the characters to die. I enjoyed all the in jokes and references."
"622" "Ghostface is back! And with Ghostface's return is all of the violent, sadistic bloodshed that you could ever hope for. Releasing in January, typically the dumping ground for Hollywood studios, this movie seeks to rid its audience of their holiday cheer through disturbing slasher sequences and gory murders. And it succeeds! Yes, \"Scream\" 2022, the fifth film in the series, packs a bloody punch; there is something inherently frightening about watching someone get slashed to death with a giant knife, but the \"Scream\" films have always been a step ahead of the slasher film competition by being unafraid to have their killers clearly revel in the violence - and that's no different here. Ghostface has always had a bit of a bloodlust, and that tradition continues in this fifth entry. Ghostface's fast, unpredictable nature causes the killings in this movie to be a truly chilling sight to behold, making \"Scream\" a very effective entry in this beloved horror series, if one that is not as strong as some of its predecessors.\"Scream\" introduces a new cast of high school students played by adults (honestly, that is part of the charm of these type of movies). When one of them, Jenna Ortega's Tara, gets attacked by the Ghostface killer, Tara's sister, Sam - played by Melissa Barrera, must come back to Woodsboro to uncover the secret of who Ghostface is, and why the murders have begun once again. As you may or may not have expected, the new cast of characters are fine - they are perfectly serviceable for the type of movie they are in, if virtually completely unmemorable. Granted, Melissa and Jenna are very good in their roles, both displaying a surprising amount of depth. Jenna was excellent at portraying the trauma and pain, both physical and mental, that one would exhibit after nearly being sliced to death by a raving lunatic, and Melissa gave a very tender performance, one that required her to come to grips with her past and attempt to form a connection with estranged family. I really enjoyed watching their sisterly dynamic, and they certainly made up for the lack of new, interesting characters.But if you're going to see a \"Scream\" film, you're going to see the characters that we all know and love, and you better believe that they're here. Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, and David Arquette all return to play their legacy characters, each of them with various parts to play. It's safe to say that David Arquette had the most to do, and gave, possibly, the best performance out of the three. He was multilayered and it was a real treat to see him play Dewey once more. Neve is always great as Sidney - having been through this song and dance four times previously, she knows what to expect, and it was fun to watch her and Courteney's Gale Weathers team up in an attempt to stay one step ahead of Ghostface. And obviously, Courteney Cox is good as Gale, but she, unfortunately, didn't have all that much to do in this film. The new cast are the stars, which can disappoint - however, Melissa and Jenna's star power kept me more than engaged in the goings-on of the film.Traditionally a horror-comedy series, \"Scream\" seems to lean more on the horror this time around. Now don't get me wrong, there is still some comedy here, and directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett are giving their best attempt to add levity and keep the meta spirit of this series alive. And for the most part, they do a good job. However, and maybe it's just me getting older and sadder as the unending clock of time ticks forever forward, but I did find this film to be more serious in tone than its predecessors. Kills are ruthless, mean, and lingered upon while jokes and silly one-liners are few and far between. That's not to say \"Scream\" isn't a good time though, because it certainly is, especially if you're a fan of slashers.My only real complaint about this movie is that I found the twist of who Ghostface is to be incredibly telegraphed. From a single line that someone uttered early in the film, and a single look a character gave, I pretty much could narrow down who was committing the murders. That said, this didn't necessarily put a damper on my enjoyment of the movie, though I'd be lying if I said I wasn't slightly disappointed that I wasn't more surprised at the reveal.\"Scream\" is a nice return to form from both the slasher genre and this film series. While I didn't enjoy it as much as some of the earlier \"Scream\" movies, I still found myself entertained with a goofy smile plastered on my face for the majority of the running time. So, if you're looking to ring in the new year with the likes of Ghostface, give \"Scream\" a shot."
"623" "The movie was okay but it did make me realise that I no longer enjoy these kind of movies the way I used to as a teenager. So that's kind of depressing.But if you are going in as a slasher fan, you would appreciate it more than I did.The casting was great though, and keeps you guessing who ghost face is.However I feel like they were trying too hard with one particular scene where they overdid the tense music every time someone opened a cupboard, fridge, shower door as if ghostf ace was hiding behind it."
"624" "Wish I could get my time back that I wasted on this movie. The story was really bad and lacked everything!!! Would recommend not watching a movie at all then watching this!"
"625" "1. The voltage dose is low 2. High dose of violence In general, it is pleasant to watch The players could have been better.It is not so difficult for the attentive spectator to guess who committed the murder."
"626" "Paddle for a small amount of violence and useless repetition.Use old actors to make the story better And it is even stupid to forcefully show the characters cleverly."
"627" "Drawing on alllll the nostalgia, Scream brings back the favs and introduces some newbies (some work, some don't). Overall, the 5th installment serves up some decent scares, but nails the details of sound, shots, sets - everything scream dorks want."
"628" "(Maybe spoilers) I did not like Scream 2022it was not what I expected. There was no motive in my opinion the motive was really not a motive it should have been bigger than that.. It just turned out to be silly and unrelated.. The way the killer killed was not creative, scream always had a creative way of killing and making the viewers more anxious. This just did not do it for me. It was three quarters a boring movie, With unnecessary events. Did not like the concept of everyone living, except for a favorite character. Why is it a scream movie when only 4 people died and in a very very very foolish way. I do not like the concept of the next generation scream I believe the original should stay an original no need for more creations of old movies and if we will call it a sequel, it is not since scream 1's main character (Sidney Prescott) is not in the main plot of the story. The killer was so obvious not because of a motive but because of the way they both acted around everyone. The concept of Scream movies is to keep you excited to know who the killer is."
"629" "What I liked:I love how this movie doesn't take itself seriously. It knows the reputation this franchise and genre has of being clichÃ© and tropy and just runs with it. At some point during the film, it literally mocks itself. I love the self-awareness.Some fun, mindless, and thrilling action: exactly what you'd probably hope for in a slasher. Pretty good, suspenseful action scenes.There's definitely some likeable characters, especially sisters Sam and Tara. I also had a soft spot for Mindy and her sarcastic sense of humour.Works well even if you haven't (recently) seen any or all of the original films, in my opinion. Though it might help.I like the way they brought back some of the old characters. Is it fan service? Yes, probably. But they realise that and then just go with it. It works.Some pretty good acting! Man, I especially can't wait to see what Jenna Ortega does next.Surprisingly refreshing and creative at times. The kills and scares are not always what you'd expect and some things, you may not even see coming. Or maybe you expect something to happen and then... It doesn't...Naturally, there's the anticipation of an intriguing plot twist you wait for the entire film. After all: who's the killer? Who did it?! In my opinion, the reveal is done pretty well.What I didn't like as much:At the end of the day, Scream 2022 is still a slasher flick. The movie does a good job of diverting from tropes and clichÃ©s but they can't steer clear from everything. There will absolutely be some tropey moments that might just make you roll your eyes a little.The plot isn't exactly Inception 2.0. I don't think it has to be, either. It's simple, straightforward. Near the end, you may even figure out who the killer is before the final reveal. Who knows. It's not that much a headscratcher, though it does keep you on your toes.There are some things that seem illogical. A person gets shot in the gut to the point where they collapse onto the ground but a little while later they're fine and they don't even have to go to the hospital. I mean, I'm no doctor, but shouldn't they at least do a proper checkup?! Stuff like that. Don't think about it too much or you might be annoyed.You don't have to watch all of the originals to be able to appreciate this but I do think that if you have seen at least the first one you'll truly be able to fully enjoy it. You will likely understand most or all of the references and you may be more attached to the OG characters.If you like the original, you may just like this one! I enjoyed the original and had no problems with this requel. (By the way, of you're puzzled at the meaning of this word watch the film and you'll understand.) Scream 2022 is exactly what you'd expect from a slasher: fun, thrilling, quite gory and visceral, over the top ridiculous, not very complicated, and slightly tropy - yet at times surprisingly refreshing! If you don't like slashers you may not like this one but if you're on the fence about it or just feel like killing (pun intended) a few hours, I'd absolutely give this a chance."
"630" "Scream follows the events of Scream(1996), Scream 2(1997), Scream 3(2000) & Scream 4(2011). 25 years after the initial Woodsboro murders, Ghostface returns. Now, it's up to Sidney Prescott(Neve Campbell), Gale Weathers(Courteney Cox) & Dewey Riley(David Arquette), to solve the mystery.Scream is a brilliant film. Directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin & Tyler Gillett have ably taken over directorial duties from franchise legend, Wes Craven. Scream is not as good as the 1996 original, which is still the best in the franchise, or Scream 4(2011). However, it surpasses Scream 2(1997) & Scream 3(2000). The meta humor is a delight to watch. However, at times this can get a tad bit excessive. A number of scenes, ideas & plot points are just blatantly lifted from this movie's predecessors. The performances are the highlight of the film. Neve Campbell is great as Sidney Prescott. Courteney Cox is awesome as Gale Weathers. David Arquette is superb as Dewey Riley. Melissa Barrera is excellent as Sam Carpenter. Jack Quaid is outstanding as Richie Kirsch. Mikey Madison is perfect as Amber Freeman. Jenna Ortega is spectacular as Tara Carpenter. The supporting cast is fantastic. Roger Jackson is iconic as the voice of Ghostface. Scream is a must watch for fans of the Scream franchise. Go & enjoy this self-titled 'requel'!"
"631" "Metacinema is a familiar territory for all of the Scream movies, but this one really takes in to a whole new level. It's a self-parody of sorts, but, surprisingly, it works. It's wildy entertaining, unpredictable (at times), very detail-oriented and hilarious. I would say this is the best attempt to come close to the quality of the original, but, of course, nothing beats the original."
"632" "I was really impressed I didn't expect it to be that good to be honest, it's not as good as the previous ones though but it's still good enough, I liked the new characters all of their performances were on point and seeing again the older ones in this film made me feel nostalgic and to be honest I wanted more of Sydney Prescott, I still think that I should watch it a few more times to get used to it more and maybe I'll rate it higher."
"633" "'Scream' (2022) is a self-referential dark comedy with slasher elements.The film is mostly focused on the themes of toxic fandom, Hollywood re-makes, and re-quels. It delivers what is expected, a re-quel with the old and tired original cast, the same plot, and lots of references to everything Scream is remembered for. 'Is Wes still bothering you?'The film was a much better experience for me since I watched it with an interesting idea in mind. I'm pretty sure that the characters in the film are aware that they are inside a movie. And they are trying to revive the franchise, so they are trying to get a movie made inside a movie, it's like a Scream metaverse.Well, at least I'm pretty sure that they know they are being watched by viewers. If not, the plot progression doesn't make any sense. Like the hospital attack, there was absolutely no reason for Ghostface to attack the boyfriend if he didn't know he was watched. She was alone so staging an attack would've achieved absolutely nothing. There are more scenes like this one.The overabundance of references as well as the old cast didn't do anything for me, since I'm desensitized by most of the franchises being revived 20-30-40 years later. The film knowingly copies all the tropes from the original, along with Ghostface being almost invincible and invisible, police not being a thing in this world, and more.It has a couple of intentionally funny moments and lots of unintentional ones. The acting ranged from laughably bad to 'ok', although I think it's the direction since the same actors come off as good and bad in different scenes. Courtney Cox creeped me out, and after all those medical manipulations her face cannot properly convey emotions, I think this has something to do with face muscles.Anyway, 'Scream' (2022) is ok. Not good, not bad. It does the same thing Scream 4 did, pretty much. Apart from stretched run-time, I can't complain. The story is swiss cheese, but it serves its purpose of setting up mediocre kills and providing dialogue for lots of self-references, self-irony, and commentary on Hollywood and toxic fandom."
"634" "For context, Scream is my favorite horror franchise and the original is on the top 10 of my favorite horror films. This one keeps the franchise going with all the characteristics that define Scream - meta, fun, but still gruesome. The \"requel\" explanation is great tongue and cheek commentary on today's films and I appreciate it. The kills are also brutal which is a hard thing to pull off this day and age - you can really feel the intensity of them. The OG cast was great to see again and the newcomers were mostly entertaining though a couple are pretty forgettable. In terms of plot, I thought it was solid and interesting. While the Scream veteran may be able to pick up on some of the clues the movie puts down in anticipation of Act 3, there are still plenty of twists that keep this one fresh. Great job for 25 years in. I hope Wes would be proud. My rating: 7.5/10."
"635" "Scream has achieved something very important: revitalize a saga in all splendor. The screenplay is mind-blowing, very well written. The tension is continuous from start to finish. The killers are the most brutal in the franchise. The terrifying and memorable deaths. The calculated metacinema. And a charismatic youth cast. My favorite scene, the Hospital. Brutal. Loved Scream."
"636" "Went in expecting to I be disappointed and Baird but I was pleasantly surprised. The movies seems fresh and refrigerating. Nice positioned with a new cast of characters to keep the franchise continuing on for hopefully two more sequels. An enjoyable requel."
"637" "Seriously, the casts faces look like the typical faces in Nickelodeon or Disney Channel movies... And it also feels like a low budget movie, the house at the ending obviously a studio, it feels really fake, like a house in a sitcom shows...However, at least the characters fashions and the murder scenes are better than Scream 3, so much better. For me, the rank of Scream movies from the best to the worst are: 1. Scream 1 2. Scream 2 3. Scream 4 4. Scream 5 5. Scream 3 (the worst Scream ever)"
"638" "The new main girl, I dont even care what her name is, has the emotional range of a couch cushion. I would rather watch Sidney do this movie 20 times then her. Honestly worst part of the movie, she dragged so many scenes down. Its a decent scream movie but the casting is pretty bad."
"639" "Overall I really enjoyed the fun and creative way they decided to reboot this series. There was some cool tie ins to the original while still making this current with the times. It did suffer from overly corny and exaggerated scenes and quotes. It almost just tried too hard at times. Regardless it was a fun watch."
"640" "I'm straight down the middle on this one. Appreciated the aspects of 90s horror nostalgia; and creating this film to honour the memory of Wes Craven was heartfelt.On the other hand, I have no love for this meta trend - these films contain a self-imposed importance that always feel like they're looking at the value of the original film from the outside in, rather than the creation of something knew. It's like when you hold up a mirror to a mirror and all you see is an infinity of the same reflection.I miss the days of a regular variety of original films that had something real to say, as opposed to this current age of trying to relive what was special about those, now outdated, ideas; the result of which becomes film as content, as opposed to meaningful stories. Let's have another creative gold rush of unique ideas. I want to hear what the new crop of filmmakers have to say in voices that have yet to be heard."
"641" "This movie is everything a 5th installment coming more than two decades after the original should be. The original cast were all great, as well as the new actors and directors."
"642" "I have been an absolute fan of the Scream franchise since I was little and this new Scream is such a great addition. It's written so well, full of intense death scenes, and literally takes you back to the first film. Can't wait for more."
"643" "This had me guessing till the end. I knew from the start, who one of the killers probably was, and was right. The other ghost face was a surprise, till the end. I really liked it. If you're a Scream fan, you'll love it too."
"644" "This should be under the comedy category... But no, actually it doesn't work as a comedy either...The plot is way too predictable, acting is bad, ..."
"645" "There are a bunch of reasons why the Scream movies are good, been successful enough to have a fan base following and has attracted audience curiosity, throughout its 25 year span. One of those reasons, was its ability to be playful and it made fun of itself openly. The horror genre, as a whole, was having a difficult time in the 1990s, most notably, in the sub-genre of the classic slasher film. It was a sub-genre, that was born in the 70s, but was feeling the effects of fatigue after 20 years of Leatherface, Michael Myers, Jason Vorhees, Freddie Krueger, the Phantasm movies, the Hills Have Eyes movies, etc. This normally happens to almost any sub-genre at some point, so the slasher film needed a kick-start. When the original Scream (1996), came out, director Wes Craven took the task to kick-start the sub-genre, by going back to the origins of the slasher film, without letting it get too serious about itself.A common plot thread weaved into the Scream movies, which is covered a lot in this film, revolves around the slasher films, known as the Stab movies. The Stab movies are the fictitious Hollywood-made films, found in the Scream plotlines, that are based off of the original Scream murders. After 25 years, the whole town has seen these movies and everyone knows the terrible stories of all the murders. The Stab movies act as a handbook for the characters to use, in order to get out of the jam they are in when dealing with Ghost Face. They refer back to this \"handbook\" (the Stab Movies) and lay it out to you, that this is how things will most likely go in the actual movie too. They are having a conversation to you, about what's happening to them, involving the events that led them to this point, from watching a movie, made in their own celluloid-contained world.It's a sneaky way to break the fourth wall, by inserting a film within a film. Usually, the fourth wall is broken the moment a character looks directly at the camera and addresses the audience. But, in the Scream movies they avoid looking at the camera and instead talk amongst themselves, about what you are actually seeing and you meld with them vicariously.So, by taking the first four Scream movies as a whole, they totally lay out the plot, how many killers there are, the true fact that everyone is a suspect and it's all from what they have seen in the Stab movies. The Scream filmmakers remove the part of the slasher film sub-genre that made it stale and predictable and put it front and center. They take the biggest problem facing the sub-genre and make it the most charming part of the Scream mythos. It's the classic example of taking one of your weaknesses and turning it into a strength. They tell you this is how things are going to happen, so don't even worry about predictability. Let's just see if everyone is thinking the same thing you are and hop on the rollercoaster of Scream. It's a different type of tension and excitement, that is felt, coming from the screen.It's the \"legacy characters\" (a term used frequently in the new 2022 film), that also gave the franchise its charm, because they are the ones who lived through the terror for real in the first four movies. The returning \"legacy\" characters have all reassembled, Dewey (David Arquette), Gale (Courtney Cox) and Sidney (Neve Campbell) to fight Ghost Face once again. This was another strength the Scream movies possessed. Over the first four films, they have had a likeable cast and good guest cameos. Do you remember the cameo days of Drew Barrymore, Heather Graham, Kristen Bell and Jada Pinkett Smith? It was this type of casting choices that made the first four Scream films fun, along with the ability to not take itself too seriously.The new 2022 Scream manages to capture some of these positive traits that the earlier films had. It pays a descent homage to what came before it and establishes some new interesting characters in the film. This time around, the film revolves around the daughter of ex-Scream tormentor, Billy Loomis, Sam (Melissa Barrera), who is called back home after her sister, Tara (Jenna Ortega), is attacked by a new Ghost Face. Sam is haunted by her conscience, which comes to her in the ghostly guise of Billy Loomis (returning Scream champ Skeet Ulrich), which she sees, out of the corner of her eyes, in the mirrors or in other reflective surfaces. Accompanying her is her boyfriend of six months, Richie (played well by The Boys star Jack Quaid). Without giving anything away (which the film will do for you as it goes along), Dewey, Gale and Sidney, are eventually drawn back to the town of Woodsboro, 25 years after the first film, in order to solve the mystery and put a final end to Ghost Face.Virtual newcomers to the world of theatrical directing, Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett, who did three or four films before this, as a duo, actually put Scream (2022), together, better than their previous films, at least, if you go by their IMDB ratings. These guys, look every bit like the perfect fit for a new generation of Scream movies, especially if you look at their bios. I fear that is the problem this film faces the most. Wes Craven, was a huge director, by the time Scream (1996), came out. You needed a seasoned veteran to be the one to revitalize a struggling genre. Two new guys, trying to resurrect a struggling franchise might not do the trick. The ever present feeling of inexperience is felt throughout, but it is encouraging to see that this is a better effort than they had done previously. What this boils down to is, this is a film that has a boring pace, continuity issues and is totally missing that spark. It's still enough of a good movie to be included in the whole Scream package deal, just don't expect a savior.5.5 (D- MyGrade) = 6 IMDB."
"646" "I see Scream film series as commentary pieces on how Hollywood horror movies are developing. In that sense, they are always going some sort of \"meta\" state to other horror movies. The murders here are great and the directors able to convey the horror and movie reference in such tongue-in-cheek way like the predecessors. Even the new characters are great and has really interesting arc on their own.One thing that lacks for me is on how the movie focused on reliving \"requel\" so much, without adding anything new to the plate. I expect there will be more twist and turns, smart moves involved since it's Scream after all, but turns out it's quite predictable.But .... it's slasher film and complex plot is not necessary. It's still super enjoyable and lots of the movie references and trio comeback are both my favorite things. I'm really looking forward for Scream 6."
"647" "I've never been a huge fan of the series, but I enjoyed the first few for what they were. Then I grew up. The series has gotten ridiculous. I have no idea how this has gotten good reviews.I generally don't like films that do meta... But this is just everywhere. At one point you had a girl watching a stab movie and she was screaming at the character to look behind him ..... And that character was watching TV and shouting at that character to look behind him. Obviously she should have bee looking behind her because that's where the killer was."
"648" "For those hating on this movie.....what?!?!?!Scream saga has been my most favorite horror films and this one really brings it full circle. It was such an homage to the original and Wes Craven would be proud. I loved the tiny, and even not so tiny details that referenced the original. \"Scream\" title was PERFECT! A lot of people wondered why not Scream 5; but once you see the film, you'll understand."
"649" "Middle-of-the-road slasher. Not really any need for a lengthy review. If you've seen the other Scream movies then you know exactly what to expect. No, it's not quite as good as some of the earlier ones, but those movies aren't incredible either. Scream person also really needs to invest in a gym membership by now, they're getting absolutely embarrassed by some of these victims and their lack of cardio and strength/conditioning is the leading cause."
"650" "There must be some kind of viral joke I missed. Where people think it's funny to give this movie good reviews.This is a real dumpster fire. It's like the writers and producers drew names out of a hat to decide what happened in every scene. And yet it still wasn't surprising in any way.Not as bad as Halloween Kills, but still awful."
"651" "Unfortunately just wasn't as good as the others. They remained kind of cheesy and fun with good storyline. This was kind of lazyily told redo of the original with more gore then needed. Showing really graphic stabbings wasn't apart or needed in the franchise. Not something you'd really be eager to rewatch and no really memorable scenes."
"652" "The film wasn't that bad but you could definitely tell that it's missing the ring that made the original films so special. I understand that Wes is gone but there were other things that could've given the film that same feelings of the other films like letting Williamson be more involved with the writing and bringing back Beltrami."
"653" "At this point I've got fatigue. I've watched all the Scream movies in the course of a week, and while the original was the best of the bunch, even THAT wasn't anything to write home about. Maybe I'm tired of all the self referential meta commentary, or maybe Scream was a one off meaningful piece of the horror movie zeitgeist that was never really meant to be as successful as it was. Either way, I'm ready to be done with it. This movie was a fine retread of the original/passing of the torch to a new generation of Scream fans, but was otherwise nothing more than a room temperature ham and cheese sandwich."
"654" "If you're a fan of the Scream franchise, you'll likely like it. I enjoyed it, fun film, plenty of tips of the hat to the franchise's style, it's a worthy addition to the series, but it's not going to recreate the wheel. Right down the middle 5/10 for me."
"655" "Worth watching in Cinema. I'm a fan of old Scream movies and I think this has really done justice with the series. We often get to see dull sequels but this one stands out.The stab scenes are very graphical and you keep guessing about the killer throughout the movie.I watched it in IMAX and it was a wonderful watch."
"656" "Eugh its the same old, the can't get away from the original story. Drag all the old haggard actors back for little or no reason at all. A predicted bore fest of a movie. Not even fun. And a two hour runtime that felt long. I was praying for this one to be over. Avoid."
"657" "I'd have to say I enjoyed this more than Scream 4 (2011), but not immensely. The return of Sidney, Gale, and Dewey felt like bait; Neve Campbell and Courteney Cox were barely in it, David Arquette had a little more screentime though. I got tired, fast, of all the references to the original (we get it, you're \"meta,\" shut up), while abandoning events of the following two, and yet heavily insulting the fourth, only to follow in its footsteps. Without giving away spoilers - difficult because the identity of the killer is my primary criticism - my initial suspect proved true, which sucks, because I was really hoping it wasn't that person, due to...ugh, reasons. So I'll move onto my other two gripes, which was the absence of humor compared to how much the first three made fun of themselves, and the new characters. I liked three of them a lot - Jack Quaid, Dylan Minnette, and Mason Gooding - but the others were throwaways, or downright annoying. The main girl was meh, but to contrast all these misses was the action; nothing as innovative as killing someone with a garage door, but they were still pretty violent. The opening and hospital scenes were boringly dragged out, but the climax of each of those was great. I kind of hope that the next Scream will feature adults, as 3 did, and maybe a little more ingenuity with Ghostface."
"658" "I have been a massive fan of the Scream franchise; since I first saw the first one, as a kid. In my opinion, the quality of the first four are rated in that exact order. The first being the best, the 4th being the weakest.I definitely didn't expect this one to be worse than the last one, but I also didn't expect it to be in the same league as the first. However, to my extremely pleasant surprise, this movie exceeded my expectations in every way imaginable.This is by far the most well written film since the original. I'm still going over everything, in my mind; but I'm really thinking this may have exceeded the quality of the original. It will definitely land with the younger crowd. It's way more brutal than the others, with some very shocking (and tragic) scenes. Pay attention, as there are many easter eggs and references to the other films. It all ties together beautifully.You will jump. You will gasp. You will laugh. You will cry. You may even scream."
"659" "A 5 YEARS BOY MAKE THIS MOVIE, incredible, ridiculous, you can't believe making movies like this, turn off your brain if you want to see it, it has no coherence, everything happens because if, at the perfect time for the masked, really pathetic movie, I would feel embarrassed to appear in the credits."
"660" "It's very very cheap version of the old one. It has lots of mistakes. Very bad direction. You can understand that it's comedy movies or horror movie. I'm afraid I can't recommend it to anyone."
"661" "Was a very enjoyable thriller not much of a horror if your not used to mild gore ect but very enjoyable movie that pays homage to the original in a variety of ways, anyone will enjoy if they somewhat like a murder mystery without the need to watch the other films either than perhaps the original."
"662" "Usually sequels suck but this was great. If you love Scream you will love this one too. It's fun, funny and exciting and lots of blood, it's a bloodbath."
"663" "I actually enjoyed this movie. Of course it could have been better without all that fuss about fandoms and prequel, sequel, requel stuff. But all in all it was just another Scream movie with with some good twist. I can recommend it."
"664" "This follows the stream of rebooted retcon films that are being made at the moment. However, as it goes, I did get behind this one and enjoyed it very much. The original Scream was very clever and original in how it was a satire of the horror/slasher genre while also being an actually good horror/slasher at the same time. This is genius actually. Scream (2022) takes this concept to its logical extreme. It is so ridiculously meta. Most lines of the film are an overt deconstruction of the horror genre and subversion of audience expectations for the particular scene. Its almost like a skit in this sense. Like a very long Youtube skit taking the piss out of horror movies. But somehow despite this extreme subversion it someone still manages to be an enjoyable horror flick. And you enjoy trying to double, triple, and quadruple guess the filmmakers who are trying to double, triple, and quadruple bluff you at the same time. I can't think of a film that I have seen that is so egregiously meta and subversive. And yet it works. Very impressive. It is also fun to see the old characters back. I can't speak for the specifics of its reconning. I only saw some of the sequels once a long time ago, but i've seen the original number of times."
"665" "First of all anybody to give this movie positive reviews is either a child with an account or paid to do so. So Obvious and predictable, nothing new nothing fresh and terrible acting. Scream 2-4 looks like The Godfather part2 next to this movie. Terrible!"
"666" "I don't know why they decided to make a 5th movie as most people didn't ask for it, but it wasn't that bad. I thought the plot was okay, but I like a bit of unpredictably which this movie didn't have because it's quite similar to the other 4 movies. I liked the new characters surprisingly and didn't find them too cringe. I can't believe they are going to make a 6th movie, but I hope they make it unique and unpredictable from the other movies."
"667" "New characters, fresh story and still being able to bring the feels of the original trilogy. A little predictable and dumb at times but very enjoyable nonetheless! Honestly in the beginning I had my doubts, but now I'm excited for the next installment!"
"668" "The Scream franchise is my all time favorite, but they just ruined it with this movie. Even Scream 4 had a better plot twist than this one. The whole movie was Ok up until the end and I just wanted to walk out at that point. I'll just stick with Scream 1-4 and pretend this one never happened."
"669" "This had everything you could want from a slasher film, and had everything I was personally looking for from the scream franchise since Scream 2. It has suspense, anticipation, cleverness, and comedy. There's also a moment that will likely hit true scream fans in the heart. I didn't guess who the killer was as well. It is oceans wide better than scream 3 and scream 4. If this is the end of the franchise. It certainly ended on a high note!"
"670" "This movie wasn't that great and don't get the hype. Yes it was cool they used the house and brought prime characters in, but goddamn the whole thing with her seeing her dad and him helping her survive was pretty bad. Some of the kills were good but please stop making this trash."
"671" "Wes Craven would be proud.In 1996, Craven directed Scream, which set the box office on fire, becoming the first _slasher_ film to earn hundred million dollars on the US box office. Its sequel Scream 2 remains the only other slasher to have done so thus far.For good reason. It is a horror / thriller fan's wet dream come true, with cross references to horror classics, truly gory kills, witty dialogues, topped with logical and satisfying conclusion to its whodunnit.All of these elements have been incorporated in this *requel*. It is even more meta than the original.Loved it. A true tribute to the fans of the original. Highly recommended."
"672" "Aside from some issues I had with some of the dialogue, \"Scream\" is a solid fun, scary film that definitely keeps you guessing. While I wasn't 100% satisfied with the ending I enjoyed everything else and my grievances were petty. Nice soundtrack. I found it suprisingly emotional as well which I hadn't experienced with any of the other \"Scream\" films. I think Wes would have approved. Definitely enjoyable!"
"673" "The first 1h 30mins are really clever, suspensful, enjoyable. Good writing. I loved everything, but final act ( last 30 minutes). They made a killer reveal so comedic, so I did not believe that they were the ones who are brutally killing people."
"674" "I'm 22, I grew up on the classics my parents showed me, especially Scream and Halloween, those now being my two favorite horror films of all time. When I was around 12 I remember watching 2 and 3 for the first time in preparation for Scream 4 and mildly enjoyed both.Scream 4 I loved though, seemed like it had all the energy and care that the original had.My ranking all these years has been 1-4-2-3Scream 5 felt like a return to what I loved, the real brutality and horror of it all, the \"Meta\", the likable characters and the mystery. It kept me guessing the whole time and I felt the ending was satisfying and made sense. I highly enjoyed Halloween 2018 but this felt more concise and well crafted, even smarter, I hope the team behind this goes on to make an even better direct sequel to this than 2/3 were. This is a fantastic start and now, my second favorite Scream movie. 1-5-4 (Great ones) 2-3 (Subpar but entertaining, bad twists)I believe Wes would be super proud of what he started and what he left behind, I'm so happy he got to make Scream 4 to reel back in what started to fail with 2-3 because of Studio meddling and time constraints. Without his mastercraft in Scream 4, Scream would've died with the 3rd one. Thank you Wes, for always doing your best no matter what.This one really felt like a love letter to that original film. No agenda or anything, just a fun, classic whodunit slasher with great performances from old and new cast members, thrilling violence, and a heartfelt story behind a the brutality.8/10, not perfect, but everything we wanted/needed as Scream fans, hell, even as just horror fans. Hopefully these last couple years mean Slashers have returned, and I'm here for it ðŸ˜"
"675" "Such an awesome movie been a huge fan as long as I can remember love these movies need to make more of these movies keep them coming can't wait till the next one."
"676" "The first \"Scream\" movie was ok. That's it, just ok. Nothing amazing or groundbreaking. I've seen the others but they don't really stick in my gead because they are so forgettable. The TV series at least tried to put a better mask on the killer but was still super lame.Now this movie comes out and I'm already expecting something rather terrible and I was still surprised by how bad this was. Terrible acting, ridiculous script and to be honest it was so predictable the characters may as well of been wearing tshirts with \"victim\" or \"killer\" or whatever on them.It was trying to be funny by doing the whole meta thing but instead came out like a bad sequel to the \"Scary Movie\" franchise. Maybe I'm just too old. No, maybe I'm just too intelligent."
"677" "This movie starts off average and then gradually gets worse and worse and worse to the point that the cringe factor for fights is off the charts and even after a girl has been set on fire, she comes back to life with hair left and half her face fresh ready to stab before being shot. The movie talks about the other movie and principles of movies that should now be left in the history books.The scream franchise killed itself further with this movie like trying to defibrilate a corpse that has been dead for 10 years that was just dug up again. From all us reasonable human beings, please go away with this and do not make movies like this ever again."
"678" "... but felt too long and could have done with being 'tighter'.The new actors aren't that good and it means that it doesn't have the appeal of the original.But if this is the eighth time using the same basic idea then we could expect a fizzer which this isn't. It's OK as another go at the original story."
"679" "They even say it during the movie, we're doing what star wars did after people started to not lit the sequels, redo the 1st movie, with the original characters as extras,and thats exactly what you have here, completely and utterly nothing new, it's the same thing redone.I loved the original, so i also enjoyed this, it has the jumps, lots of stabbings and everything you would expect.But for a movie thats claims to be so self aware the killer was way too obvious, Surely the movie is targeted at scream / slasher fans, as the narrative in it is for them, but the killer is just straight of the shelf and constantly giving away clues and hints even though you already know who it obviously is.Apart from that I did enjoy it, nice amount of comedy too, i lost count on the amount of fridge doors that closed with tense music."
"680" "Literally yelled at the television the entire movie about how dumb everyone is. It's like they were all trying to get killed. Writers didn't even try on this one."
"681" "I loved or at least enjoyed the other scream movies. Then, I took a hiatus from movies for over five years. I lived vicariously through Dead Meat and lived off Youtube entertainment.Could be age, but every death was predictable and the movie was made purely for theater awe value. It's so obvious how much they honed in on this being for theaters.The killer is PAINFULLY obvious and doesn't make any sense how he/she is so strong. Maybe the suit has bionic super strength. I wouldn't know, I gave up with 48 minutes left and now want to get a refund for my Paramount+ trial. I just looked up who the killer was and it solidified my decision not to finish.Possibly a good movie.. If you aren't critical or scream \"WHY ARE YOU DOING THAT?!\" because this movie is just the embodiment of that."
"682" "There was a lot a great moments and great characters but some big weaknesses too. One of which was the main character who felt wooden at times. Felt like the actor who played her sister should've had that role instead."
"683" "They literally took the exact same actress from once upon a time in Hollywood and set her on fire exactly like once upon a time in Hollywood ending. I've been a long time Scream fan. That's all I came here to say, I guess. Just couldn't get past it. Wtf? Also, I hated that kill. You know the one."
"684" "Again, I will be very anxious to know what happened, what more killings occur in this series. Is it really the ghost mask creature? And thanks to the local tabloid reporter, who assisted the family on the case to find out who the killer is. Expecting more suspense when we will know who the person is behind the mask."
"685" "My rate was 8 for the old school team! They were amazing! Finally Neve Campbell learn how to act , when she was younger her acting skills was incredible bad. Courtney, David, Skeet , Marley and Heather was very great.The two young main characters has a lot to learn ugh.The movie is general was great and entertaining, very good requel!"
"686" "This goes in the category \"Worst movies ever\". Bad acting, bad story, exaggerated stuffs, and so on and so on. I really dont understand how anyone can give this higher than maybe 3/10, IF you're a fan of the movies. Doesn't make sense."
"687" "While I didn't actually mind the second movie, this movie knows what was great and worked about the original, but also why people kept going to see the sequels when they were well out of novel ideas. It uses that as foster nostalgia and actually do something interesting with the meta concept.On a jump-scare and twist level, not everything will be a surprise but I guarantee some things will be. And that's a heck of a lot more than I can say about the other sequels. There's some great, even fantastic lines too.My first slasher was Scream, and this time the fans actually do 'win'. What a pleasant surprise this was. As to whether or not it plays with people not into the franchise already... I'm not sure. You'd have to have seen the original at the very least for a bunch of the more satisfying aspects to work. Either way, I can't help but enjoy a movie pandering to exactly me, I guess."
"688" "I can honestly say that I have enjoyed it and it was worth my time to watch it once.It wasn't as amazing or groundbreaking as the original, but it did bring a sence of nostalgy to my youth.Without revealing the plot, while I was watching it, I wondered about the logistics of the killer. Considering the amount of cameras and other electronic devices availible to us today, the killer had zero chance of even changing outfits in almost all posisble fight scenes, not to mention to actually do the scenes themselves. Eventually even the killer/s don't make any sense whatsoever, considering timing and physical prowess of everyone involved.Maybe because I'm much older than I was when the first movie came out, but the whole lack of realism ran through my head while I was watching itThat is the magic of the movies. THey make unreal scenarios come to life.It was fun, though not a masterpiece by any means."
"689" "They did a great job at the mystery aspect because they made us question everyone! Every murder scene was unique and the relationships between the characters had a lot of drama and tension, I really enjoyed it and the plot twist and grand reveals were epic!"
"690" "I've thought of many ways to begin this assessment, especially since this film is remarkably smart.Films that are aware of themselves and their genre are the new Hollywood fad. Looking inside this horror universe, A Classic Horror Story (2021) is an example of how metalanguage can go very wrong if used in a way that attacks the original material, the object of the tribute being paid.Scream (2022) is not only aware of its existence as a horror film, revival and sequel, but also knows how to take advantage of all this to deliver good fun throughout its two hours. Fun I say, because if I got scared once it was a lot. I and the cinema even laughed in certain sequences, which, it is worth remembering, do not detract from the work as a whole, they only enrich the production, mainly because they are moments that show with excellence how well done the metalinguistic work was.Another merit of this film is the ability to make us empathize with each of the characters, whether the old ones from the franchise or the newcomers (which bring great potential for a new sequel, this time without the \"crutch\" of the older characters). I can no longer say the same for the final twist, the self-referenced \"third act\". The identity of Ghostface was very obvious, since the first time he appears, by the way. The fact is that, even though it was very easy to unravel the mystery, the film didn't really lose me, but it left that bitter taste that, let's face it, comes out of my mouth with an ease that almost made me forget about this defect.Using the new formula of the moment, Scream hits where others miss and promotes good entertainment and fun that doesn't underestimate the audience and doesn't try to reinvent the wheel, but entertains, instigates, criticizes and honors its genre, its past and its fans."
"691" "I grew up watching the Scream movies and have been a huge fan! This one did not disappoint! It was great seeing the characters back together again, as well as the surprise blast from the last character. This movie was great and so much fun to watch! They also stepped up the violence, which made for a great slasher film!"
"692" "It's a slasher movie and a reunions movie. It's okay, it's a time waster and it's good to see the original characters again, but don't expect anything special. If you missed the surviving originals and want to watch it for nostalgic reasons there's no reason you can't. Or if you want to watch a bunch of snobby new kids get massacred, then this movies for you."
"693" "With Wes gone, new directors have their hands on an important franchise. Hardcore fans have got strong opinions. Like most things, yes there is room for improvement with Scream 2022. However, considering what this is; a re-qual with new directors wanting to keep the franchise going, it turned out great!The balance of keeping ties with the original while desiring to take it further, and maybe curve a little bit, is on point. Multiple story lines connect to multiple original characters and this allows for the new directors to go off in different directions if they choose. This was interesting to me and I'm genuinely curious what they will do in the future.I don't see the original cast continuing with it - of course I could be wrong - but they made a bold move in regards to the original cast and that was emotional. To me, this sequel/reboot is passing the torch to the next generation, which makes me sad but also, if done right, will make this franchise stand out more than it already has.Not to be annoying and continue overusing how \"meta\" and \"self aware\" this film is but, it's true. They know what they are and how they don't want to be like other horror movies and lack originality. I have not seen other horror franchises unfold the way Scream has. To me, Scream 2022 just took a right turn. I think moving forward, we will see a new cast take over an amazing franchise. I just hope they can keep it as special and unique as it's been so far. I hope they can keep Wes's spirit alive in it and I wouldn't be mad if some of the original cast members made an appearance here and there.While there were tiny moments I could criticize, they are not worth lowering the rating. It's not perfect but it's pretty perfect for what they did. I think this movie is setting us up for something new and in the grand scheme of things, it really did not disappoint me.I will say one more thing: if the two lead female actors that survived want to keep the fans happy, they will need to sharpen their acting a bit more. Just saying. ðŸ”ªðŸ‘»"
"694" "The new Scream movie is fun and entertaining as the franchise is usually. Full of fights and chase sequences and genuinely scary death scenes. This all culminates into a movie worth sitting down for."
"695" "It's a little weak. She leaves town because of this drama surrounding her due to her past, but no one actually knows about it? It's just a little forced. We're so far removed from the original characters-so many new characters introduced. It's very hard to keep up. It is good to see Sydney thriving and living a good life. But my teen enjoyed it. He's a huge scream fan amd it kept him captivated."
"696" "The return of this mythical horror film series in 2022 with a new just grandiose film (I totally loved it), the return of this mysterious killer had missed me so much (anxiety is still present, the music still sticks to the atmosphere of the film as well, sadness is again topical, the story is engaging as in old films...)"
"697" "Like the Wrath of Khan and Spiderman No Way Home it built on its storyline and characters in a way that was not a copy of the first film. All new lightning here ... excellent acting, script, and directing!! ;)"
"698" "So the OG scream had that meta jock feel towards all the slasher movies which was really good and it was something different. As sequels came it got weirdly bad, but had that wes craven touch , now with this movie even though wes isnt the director the people behind this movie knew what to do. This is a decent movie with biggest meta twist ðŸ¤£. Give it a try."
"699" "It's a sad commentary on our society when films like this are getting such good reviews... constant gratuitous profanity and sexual content does not a good film make..."
"700" "No doubt the talented directors could not believe that they had inherited a great brainchild, and insisted that it was only thanks to Wes Craven that they took up filmmaking. Confessions of such power are always contagious: gradually one by one the Woodsboro veterans signed on. First former spouses David Arquette and Courtney Cox (\"Scream\" they owe to their marriage), and then Neve Campbell - the main last girl of the '90s. But the reunion cast wasn't limited to the iconic trio: sheriff's deputy Judy Hicks (Marley Shelton) from part four and Randy's sister Martha (Heather Matarazzo) from part three appeared on screen. If all these names mean nothing to you, the film will also be rather difficult to take in: the return suggests a long acquaintance."
"701" "It feels like nowadays people go to the movies looking for anything to hate, and the more they find \"wrong\" with it that somehow validates their warped review. This movie is good! I've been here since '96 folks and let me tell you I couldn't have been more pleased. Nothing will ever top the original, but damn does this one respect it! I don't understand fans anymore. Either you copy and paste and get critically destroyed for it or you try something new with the same outcome. Again, some people just want to hate everything and their reviews show it. I thought the story was good and the new characters did their thing. Pacing was good for the most part and the opening scene is one of the best since the original (Scream 3 closely following for me). If you're a Scream fan or just a horror movie fan in general I think you will enjoy it. I was super hyped for this and it did not disappoint! I for one will be viewing this several more times in theaters! I think Wes Craven would've really been proud of this one!One more thing... It is absolutely hilarious that this movie calls out and nails to a T the types of people that are complaining about how horrible a movie is...haha get over yourselves."
"702" "Watched today and it was fantastic. The storyline was good and it was good to see the \"classic\" characters with the new ones. The ending was good and the kills scenes were AWESOME!!!! I really enjoyed the commentary on \"new\" horror fans who enjoy the non-classical horror type films vs. The bread and butter slasher who did it type of fans. Definitely recommend."
"703" "It's watchable, defiantly more bloody and guts but the concept has been used to many times. It felt like an extended tv episode. I was hoping for something new but unfortunately it falls flat."
"704" "Hard, very hard to take this seriously, I don't quite understand how so many people rated this requel so high, there is nothing new about, nothing clever, no smart twist at the end, basically no reason whatsoever to make it. This was fun in 1995 but I prefer to think we have evolved and that we prefer smarter movies now, but based on all the positive reviews, perhaps I am wrong."
"705" "I really didn't have high expectations at all. Yes, its completely predictable,but then again it has to be if they are following the rules established in the franchise. That said, they handled it well and I found it enjoyable as well as nostalgic. Although in all honesty I still haven't watched scream 3 or 4, I had graduated by the time 3 would have gotten around to being shown on Starz, I graduated in '01 and was already working a lot by then.... I may just have to have a binge movie night and watch them all. I tried doing that with the \"I know what you did last summer\" movies and never finished them... I lost interest after the 2nd one I think. Then again I was never a big fan of that franchise, I'm not really a big fan of most slasher movies in general. I tend to gravitate to creature features and supernatural/mythological type stuff. Yet i liked this franchise, probably partly due to the dark humor involved. I would watch this again."
"706" "The movie scream was a beautiful and very mysterious movie, but one of the negatives of the movie is that when I expect the killer to be present, he is already present and this is wherever the killer comes out. I am not surprised because it was expected to know this and for me I knew who the first killer was, but the movie surprised me when I knew that he were killers I expected my legs to be the killer, but I didn't expect the girl. Maybe this was a big surprise for me, but the biggest surprise was when I found out there were killers. The scream movie was a beautiful movie that I enjoyed."
"707" "I really do love the scream series and this movie is definitely not the worst of the bunch, other than the first one they're all not great, but as Scream movies go this one isn't bad at all. It's extremely meta like always and it's hilariously self aware. The cast is good, bringing back the originals makes it feel nostalgic and brings back that feeling that the first one had. The writing is a bit sloppy at times and doesn't always work. It's a bit cringe and feels super forced. The killers are super obvious and I predicted it in the first half an hour. The kills are pretty good and sometimes the gore is superb, it might have some of the best kills in the series. All in all it's not a terrible film but it's really not great either, watch it for yourself and see what you think!"
"708" "I always knew that \"Scream\" movies are not typical slasher. On the one hand these movies were a very good parody of classic slashers, in the other hand these movies have always had dramatic moments, serious moments, crazy moments and Easter eggs. In one part of movie you laughed, in the other part you tried to understand how crazy and ingenious these movies are. We love \"Scream\" for its irony and subtle humor. We love \"Scream\" for its buildup of tension towards the end of the movie. But most of all we love \"Scream\" for Dewey))) So, it's all there in the new \"Scream\". I didn't expect this movie to be as good as the original. If you like \"Scream\" franchise- run faster in the cinema. If you are disappointed in slashers, then also run to the cinema. This movie shows us that slashers still haven't said their last word."
"709" "After 25 years Ghostface returns to Woodsboro to claim a new generation of victims.Scream (2022) had a more serious tone than Scream (1996). The performances from Jenna Ortega and Mikey Madison were great. However, Melissa Barrera's performance was too dull throughout the film. The cinematography and music were good. The music enhanced the suspense in certain scenes while the cinematography perfectly captured the gruesome killings that had brilliant special effects.Scream (2022) was a good slasher. An alright attempt to try to bring the franchise back into the spotlight. However, the anticipation for the film ended up being a disappointment for me."
"710" "I don't know if that was the intention but this is funnier than Scary Movie. Absolutely stupid twists. People randomly die for no reason. Waste acting. The best part, you will keep guessing \"I have seen this before\". The answer is Yes you have! This movie is a copy of every other horror/psycho/thriller movie."
"711" "I'm always a little dubious of slasher movies, but this kept me feeling on edge through out and brining back original cast members from the 90s Scream movie really works offset by a fresh younger cast, well worth a watch!"
"712" "Self-proclaimed slasher 'requel' \"Scream\" is like its same-name '96 original (and three other sequels) gratuitously violent & silly... but thru James Vanderbilt & Gary Busick's superb writing (a la \"Jay And Silent Bob Reboot\") it's also a great self-aware homage (even slight parody) of its genre. As usual a bunch of teens (inc Melissa Barrera, Mikey Madison & Jack Quaid) are brutally stalked by a masked serial killer... this time pulling 'legacy characters' like David Arquette, Neve Campbell & Courtney Cox back in... while everyone amusingly explains how the plot, twists, etc play into genre norms. It's really for slasher fans only, but being made by fans, those fans will LOVE it."
"713" "I've seen it twice and I'm still very conflicted on how I feel about this sequel. On the one hand, I really liked the new characters and felt there should've been more with them but I also feeling the legacy characters were done a little dirty and should've had a more involvement."
"714" "So terrible I can't understand how known actors could appear in such tripe. I'm embarrassed for them. Why I asked did I not turn it off at the start but I thought giving the rating it had it would be worth watching. It wasn't."
"715" "If you love the Scream franchise, as much as me, then you must go see this new movie! It was SO good and i enjoyed every minute of it!! It was bloody terrifying!! Wes Craven would've been very pleased with this. ðŸ‘»ðŸ”ª"
"716" "Scream (2022) is a great addition to the franchise despite some of its flaws. As another reviewer stated, Wes would be proud. I had a lot of fun watching it. It had good humor (albeit a few corny lines), a couple of scary heart-pounding moments, and of course I love seeing the original three cast members (Neve, David, and Courtney). These are some of the pros and cons for me:Pros:*Great kill scenes. There were three in particular that I absolutely loved. The build up in one of the kill scenes is excellent.*Some good funny lines throughout.*Loved how meta it was which is what Scream is known for.*Seeing Sidney, Dewey, and Gale together again. And watching Sidney and Gale kick a** together.*Suspensful, a few scary moments, great build up in some scenes.*Great writing (for the most part).*Opening scene paid homage to the opening scene in Scream (1996). It wasn't as iconic but it was still good and I enjoyed it.*I liked new characters Tara, Sam, Wes, and Richie. I thought Richie was funny and I thought it was cool to discover the actor is the son of Dennis Quaid and Meg Ryan.*I love that they named a character after Wes. How sweet. I also loved that they paid tribute for him before the ending credits.*I loved seeing Heather Matarazzo reprise her role even if only for a few seconds.Cons:*The soundtrack sucked.*No character development for new characters.*There's a scene where the characters are being attacked in the hospital and the hospital is completely empty. Hospitals are NOT empty like that. They are filled with doctors It, nurses, patients, and other hospital staff. It was just a little too unrealistic to me and one thing that bothered me about Scream 4 as well.*The reveal for who the killers were was extremely underwhelming. It was not shocking at all and their motive was stupid. I feel really disappointed with that one. It's almost like they didn't give much thought about who the killers would be or what their motives would be. They could have come up with something better than that.Overall an 8/10. I was so hyped for this and it was worth the wait, and worth watching it in theaters. I found myself smiling a lot throughout this movie. It was just so nostalgic and I'm such a big fan of all the Scream movies.***Just a little side note to add: one of the characters gets stabbed multiple times and lives. Some people are saying this is impossible. Hasn't anyone ever heard of Payton Leutner AKA the Slenderman stabbing? It is totally possible to be stabbed that many times and survive so that's an unfair critique of the movie."
"717" "Nice reboot/sequel!!Paid homage to the original whilst introducing some new characters.As a fan of the Scream movies this was maybe the best film since the original."
"718" "It was fun to watch but not scary at all. Then again I never thought of the Scream movies as scary anyway. I love the original Scream, and in my mind that one is the best of them all.This one was ok, but it doesn't really add anything new to the franchise. They did a great job comnecting all the original characters to this one, but the big reveal was a bit of a let down, really been there, done that.Did we need this one? Not really. Was it fun to watch? Yes, kinda."
"719" "TAKEAWAYS:1. Scream 2022 is a slasher about a masked killer on the loose in a town again after nearly 25 years, who seems to be inspired by a popular slasher film based on the town and its famed killer.The film wastes no time taking audiences back to 1996 with a 2022 spin in the first 10 minutes. Everyone in my theater literally starting clapping after the film's introduction. From there, Act One introduced us to key characters as well as a personal conflict for a main character that served as fuel for the plot which I found to be a little forced and poorly executed.Act Two was all about the nostalgia-both in characters and franchise reminiscing-and giving some pretty engaging \"kills.\" There were moments in the writing between kills that were \"cute\" and \"funny,\" but a little odd at times for me.Act Three was interesting...it honestly dragged a bit with the kills (I mean, there seemed to be so much running of the mouth and anticipation for some twist, surprise, or \"gotcha\" moments), BUT also had nostalgic qualities that kept you hooked. And the \"final kill\"... ... ... I am on the fence about.2. Soooo... did they just go to Netflix and ask for teen series stars?3. That hospital kill scene, though...4. One thought that comes to mind when I think about the messaging of this film is \"Doing the same thing and expecting a different result is the definition of insanity,\" and the film does a pretty good job getting this theme across.What this slasher did well was house this theme in 2 different aspects of the story-within a character and via the core of the story's premise. And actually...even via the killer.Act One reveals to the audience the connection of the theme to a character. The issue for me is that the film doesn't utilize the connection as much as it could've. Instead, it only brings it up when the plot needs something to help it move along.Acts Two and Three work to develop and carry though the connection with the premise, and I find it to be the strongest thematic connection-especially how everything wraps up in Act Three.5. This film moves well. The nostalgia and youthfulness really adds a nice rhythm to how this slasher moves.6. To piggyback off point #2, was I the only one super excited to see Dylan Minnette?7. Now who was Asian officer bae?8. They were SOOO childish playing with that them damn refrigerator door! LOL9. I know one thing... the slasher was getting that work more often than I remember in other films.10. The star of the film-our slasher-understood the assignment. Outside of our ghost face killer, Jasmin Savoy Brown was my favorite character in the film, and the one I found myself most invested in. Jack Quaid delivered a very engaging, yet predictable character (and maybe it was intentional, especially how things come together in Act Three) who also embodied the theme well. And then of course, there's Courteney Cox and Neve Campbell. Together, they were a joy.My disappointment (and it's not a huge disappointment) was with Melissa Barrera's character because of how the film didn't quite flush out her connection with the theme.* * * Overall #Scream2022 gives Scream 1996 - meets Candy Man 2021 - meets Matrix Resurrections Act One - meets Halloween 2021 - meets There's Someone Inside Your House.I am starting to see a pattern with these slasher remakes-they may not be the most unique and creative, and actually could easily be streamable, but in a pandemic... they serve the purpose of bringing folks together for a shared good time through the heavy nostalgia."
"720" "I genuinely thought that this was a great entry to the Scream franchise. Everything was done so well, you can tell that the filmmakers were huge fans of the previous films and Wes Craven."
"721" "All the scenes were so obvious that it was fake and it was really, really bad. How could a person kill a police officer with a knife? There was no one to help them, that damn hospital did not have a camera to record them?"
"722" "There's a formula for Scream films and the writers here stuck to it diligently - which is a good thing.It's not without issues though. For example, why exactly does Sydney feel the need to return when she has a nice family wherever she's living? Why doesn't Dewey shoot Ghost Face in the face when he has the chance? (And this isn't the only time someone has the opportunity to finish the attacker off and doesn't. Listen to the rules, people!). Why does the hospital seem entirely deserted when he comes for Sam? Why am I giving this movie 7/10 (well, rounded up from 67/100)?I suppose because overall it was an enjoyable slasher flick in what's most likely the best series of slasher flicks there is."
"723" "Very bad movie..Fortunately, the old actors gave their contribution and raised the rating of this film a bit. New younger actors should return to acting school. This is very bad. \"act 3 \" made some difference and raised my attention at the end of the movie..but still plot is shallow. Maybe Scream 2025 will be better."
"724" "This movie is just a fail honestly. You're not watching anything new, there is no build up, there is no \"thrill\", Ghostface's moves are so predictable and the story doesn't unfold smoothly. You can maybe watch it at home for the fun of it but deffo don't spend your money to watch it in the theaters."
"725" "I was waiting for the movie with interest, how was it, it was not bad, it was good but it was incomplete, I think the murderer was obvious from the beginning, it was not a surprise.Sidney and Gale were included in the movie later, it would have been better if it had been the main character from the beginning, but it was still good, I hope a sequel is made."
"726" "I'm a massive fan of the original, I was 17 when it was released and continued to love the franchise. I was so excited to see Scream 2022 and from the final trailer my excitement grew. From the same directors that did Ready Or Not, another great horror, I was extremely hopeful. I'll start with the negative before the positive.Unfortunately Scream 2022 didn't quite live up to my expectations for a few reasons, one being some of the acting from the new cast was diabolical at times, there were 3 particular actors who ruined a few scenes but thankfully they stayed in the background throughout most of the movie. Secondly maybe it was due to the silliness of the acting that took away that familiar Scream-esque feel. Thirdly the silly sub plot of how a new character is linked to one of the characters in another Scream movie was just a little far fetched and cringeworthy. Finally, the magical dark humor was missing. Those were the negative points. Now onto what worked well....Scream 2022 was definitely a fun ride. From the opening scene which I loved, as it said in the trailer \"This one feels different. The kills were exciting and at times extra brutal. There were so many references slipped in that I appreciated and no doubt other fans will appreciate. One thing about this installment, that it's a requel and to expect the unexpected.From gore galore, paying homage to the original, great performances from Jenna Ortega and Jack Quaid to the insanely jacked up final act. Scream 2022 has it's moments of failures but more than enough good to make this a fun and successful installment.Looking forward to Scream 6 which has got the green light."
"727" "The Good- This is a really good cast weather you are talking about returning characters or newcomers into this franchise. The great thing about having such a good cast is that it makes it that little bit harder for the audience to figure out who the killer actually is. Not only is this film creative but it also has something new to say about the horror genre which is what these films have done in the past. Even with all these things going for it. It all goes down to the characters and it does hit hard when them kills come. I really liked the ending with all the madness that happens and certain things catching me off guard. The more I think about this film the more I appreciate it.The Bad- The film occasionally pulls you away for a quick conversation. Although most of the performances here were fine they're 1 or 2 questionable acting and line delivery which didn't quite work and although their was some humour I wasn't laughing as much as I wanted to.Overall Thoughts- 'Scream' breathes fresh air into this franchise and keeping you on your toes whilst doing this. The kills are as horrific as ever. This is probably one of my favourites in this franchise. Overall I'm going to give 'Scream' an 8/10 and is definitely worth watching."
"728" "One of the most hilarious movies ever seen. Honestly it's a comedy do yourself a favor and watch \"scary movie\"All the plot is a disaster am filling with words to get 150 characters don't see it in cinema wait for Netflix."
"729" "'Scream' is a self-referred 'requel', in which it is not quite a reboot and not quite a sequel (a la the Jamie Kennedy type character in this 2022 film). Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) and her sister Tara (Jenna Ortega) find themselves in Woodsboro, the site of the grisly murders by the Ghostface killer almost 25 years ago, after Tara is attacked in her house. Sam, daughter of infamous serial killer, Billy Loomis (Skeet Ulrich) does what she can to protect her sister while vindicating her name to the denizens of Woodsboro. With the help of franchise fan-favorites Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, and David Arquette, 'Scream' puts a new spin on the original film.Fans of the original 1996 'Scream' film will notice many similarities between this film and the former, as more than simple nods, but recreations (even the house in the final act). Characters from the original film are brought back by their original actors and the script is done so well, Wes Craven himself would have been proud. That being said, Scream has never really been about the jump scares of films like 'Paranormal Activity' and may not be as exciting for the newer generations.The acting, script, and direction is great, and for OG Scream fans, it is worth a watch. Anyone not old enough to remember the 'whodunit' horror genre may find it a bit lackluster."
"730" "After a few mediocre sequels, Scream (2022) returns with a story that truly takes you back to the movie that made us fall in love with the franchise. This movie felt more mature than the last few but still kept the same Scream formula and feeling. Both directors did an excellent job taking over what Wes Craven started. The movie came with great surprises, laughs, and emotions. I haven't felt like this since watching the original film. All the characters, both new and old, truly fit in well with the satirical nature and \"movie within a movie\" vibe during the entire duration. Ghostface is back and they are showing no mercy and are crossing lines where there is no coming back."
"731" "The movie was done well and had a great plot. The suspense was consistent but not over the top and the nostalgia was great without being a trip down memory lane.Where this movie got it wrong, however, was the age of the cast. I'm not certain but I would hazard a guess that this movie's target market is those aged 30 to 45 who grew up with the franchise. Having a diverse cast of kids just does not resonate with the audience that is paying to see this movie. In my opinion, a cast of adults with grown up lives, rather than juniors, would make this movie far more engaging to its target audience."
"732" "Bad acting, bad writing... its bad bbbbbbbjsusisisb sjsjsjs.sjjaiaiajshshsjaiaiakjahshsjajajahahahahahazaiahauajbsnsnsnammananananananananananananananannaanananananananananannannanananananananananannananananananananaanananannanananananannanananananananananananaananananannananananananhahshajjajajajajahshshjajakaiajshshajajajajajahsghsha."
"733" "In the middle of the movie I had to walk out and relieve myself and that was probably the best part of the movie. This review is coming from a person who isn't really a fan of these scream movies so I've only seen the original. I was thinking about watching all the scream movies before watching this one, but thank Christ I didn't because that would have been a waste of time because all you really have to watch is the first movie to kind of get a grasp of the story and original characters. They tried recreating scenes from the original but this time it sucked. So what made the original so special was that it was actually a mystery on who the killer was and there was lots of good twists and turns and this series could have been more if they did more unique stuff, but they didn't so... who cares. This movie is predictable and not funny when it's trying to be, but when it is \"serious\" it's funny as hell. There's some entertaining qualities but at around the half way point I really wanted to just end. Pretty uncool don't know how this has a 7.2 but hopefully that changes, 4/10."
"734" "First film in the franchise without Wes Craven at the helm, which was in charge of not one, but two people: Matt Bettinelli-Olphin and Tyler Gillett.The directors managed to keep the essence of the saga, bringing once again the characters Sidney Prescott, Gale Weathers and Dewey Riley, the three played by the same actors since the beginning of the franchise: Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox and David Arquette. The events continue in the same city of the previous films and, once again, someone assumes the mask of Ghostface to terrorize the young people of the place.To freshen up, thinking more about the continuity of the franchise, they introduced the character Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera), who has a connection with an important character from the first film. Sam Carpenter is the new Sidney Prescott.In addition, the film continues to make fun of its own script and horror films, with many quotes in the dialogues of young people, in addition to a tribute scene to Psycho, with the shower running in the bathtub.Of novelty, only the new girl, the goodbye of a central character of the saga, and the identity of Ghostface.It pays homage to Wes Craven, the genius behind hit slasher movies like A Nightmare on Elm Street and Scream. A young character is named Wes, and the camera focuses on the name of one of the city's streets: Elm Street.Because it's almost more of the same, the film is predictable and you can figure out who the killer is.It doesn't innovate, but it doesn't do anything bad either."
"735" "Scream isn't bringing anything new to the table but it does make it a fun movie to watch. While not scary it did give a couple worthy jump scares. The acting is good-ish, well directed and well shot, the plot is predictable but at this point it has to be. It definitely plays on nostalgia by bringing back the 3 main characters (Sidney, Gale and Dewey) which has become as ubiquitous to the Scream franchise as Jamie Lee is to a good Halloween. If you have a couple hours, watch it and have some fun."
"736" "Saw this twice in theaters as someone who grew up obsessed with the first Scream film. Really enjoyed this sequel/Requel for the most part so much. Although not flawless, it's pretty damn fresh, brilliant, and amazing. I loved the horror trivia and subverted expectations, the curve-balls, music, and pacing. The legacy characters were handled very well for the most part. I loved the way the script moved and seeing it the second time, having my friend cry during a scene that really shocked them, made my eyes water up too. I was able to realize how really special this sequel is to this series and us fans. If there's one thing the Scream television series and it's three season's taught me, along with the previous Scream sequels. It's that Scream never dies. Casey Becker will live on forever to enchant and ignite a horror trivia fan in all of us. As someone who grew up to this stuff, and encapsulated the horror trivia archetype in one's own life. I find this new installment truly beautiful for this series. And I am so excited to see it live on. Seeing these legacy characters again in a self-aware script, wrapped in a brutal, bold, sequel. It was truly special, I am so happy for the cast and crew, and as a fan. Scream! Bring on the next one. Nailed it. Loved Neve, Courtney, David, Jenna Ortega! Jasmin Savoy was incredible and had an amazing script in her hands! Ugh. <3."
"737" "And that should be enough for this pattern, getting boring and predictible and the most scary thing is c.coxes face. Blabla bla bla to get 150 characters."
"738" "This scream \"re-quel\" is fascinating and clever and pays homage to all movies prior in great ways. The whole aura from the film feels very close to the OG film, and there are many Easter eggs scattered throughout.I was fortunate enough to see the film privately in Hawaii, and I was the only one in the theater. I can't wait to see it again tomorrow!"
"739" "It's another scream movie with a take it or leave it feel factor amongst my arrival, yet maybe, just maybe; this will offer something new and enticing to the equation. It certainly would feel a lot more feasible to bring something new to the table after four previous instalments, however money talks! So is this just another quick buck manufactured for the loyal cult of scream fanatics carefully sliced or chopped for nostalgic purposes? The short answer is yes, as it's more of a homage to Wes juxtaposed with you original movie. Yes we do have the new faces alongside the hallucinations of Billy early on in what appears to be the year of not quite out with the old in with the new. I mean come on let's respect our elders whilst bringing in a new wave to keep the longevity of the franchise alive. But seriously guys are we really considering another trilogy based on this script? How much further can we really milk the original source material? Even with the new faces does it really seem necessary? The new lead is a character called Sam Carpenter played by Melissa Barrera. Now don't get me wrong she done a reasonable job but hell, she couldn't hold a candle to Neve Campbell's portrayal of Sidney Prescott. Melissa seemed to be more believable as the film went on but i wasn't buying into her first few acts. Although once finishing the movie I can see how they could develop her character with a twist for future instalments. I feel the stand out character and scenes of this movie involved David Arquette returning as Dewey Riley. He added layers and depth to his role where most appear very one dimensional. I particularly liked the scene in the hospital as well as the opening scene with Tara Carpenter played by Jenna Ortega however I did have to buy into the illusion that this girl was extremely lucky to survive all the early stabs. I felt Neve Campbell and Courteney Cox were of very little significance to this film other than their common ground of been there done that! The nostalgia of these characters helps with selling it for the older viewer I guess. They wasn't really needed but having said that neither was this film. Although this film wasn't terrible it wasn't overly memorable either bringing nothing we haven't seen before."
"740" "Don't waste your time watching this movie it 2 hours of your life you'll never get back it's a bad as all the other movies only reason I'm watching it is because our lass likes them for some unknown reason ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£"
"741" "Regarding an unplausable, chaotic, condusing, plot, although a grain of salt of unpredictability remains.It's a seven for so many people, Cast and crew, together with this crazy train.A wreck, a nice crash... Congratulations Cast and crew, best of luck to everyone!Yours, sincerely, from a cinepholic... Good Riddance!"
"742" "So it's 2022 in the US and they're not armed to the teeth? A sharpened piece of metal seems comical against the psycho American population. Reality would most likely look like a bunch of teens saying \"hold my beer!\". Dahadadahdada... dead bad guy!"
"743" "Worst Scream movie of them all. Poor scenario, a lot of useless drama, bad acting. Waste of time. Maybe the 12 years old would enjoy it.You have to have a lot patient to watch it till the end there are a lot of stupid, illogical scenes."
"744" "Always has been..Stupid horor..Why don't you just shoot him many times until you sure he is dead before you leave..Just again..Horor movie consist of the stupidity of the character.."
"745" "Right off the bat I have to say, this is about as perfect of a sequel as I can remember. I had a smile on my face for most of the movie, except the parts where my jaw dropped. High-quality filmmaking all around.They managed to make a fresh new entry in the franchise while somehow keeping the same feel as the originals. Everything feels natural, nothing feels forced. You would think the meta aspect is old by now, but nothing is old if it's done well. It has one of the most meta scenes in movie history, and I loved it. It's funny, awesome and creepy, constantly keeping you at the edge of your seat.I can't believe I'm saying this, but this fifth entry in the franchise is my favorite. I liked them all except for Scream 3, but this feels better in so many ways."
"746" "I loved what the new directors done have with this Scream! Fun fact one of the girls from, I really like the dialogue throughout it's perfect especially the references to other movies. There's some great humor, grotesque violence I think they up ante on the kills, great cinematography shots, and exciting vibes galore! I loved this ."
"747" "A perfect sequel that captures the legacy characters and new characters and makes you root for multiple people. Radio silence follows up with another great movie like their predecessor Ready Or Not and has lots of Easter eggs for fans of the scream series to point out."
"748" "Surprisingly good, loved the nostalgia and took me right back to the first film that started it all. The screenplay was brilliant with some zinger one liners. Watching it I realised the narrative within the film reflected the film itself but in the real world, clever. Back when the first film came out I was too young to watch it at the cinema, glad they brought the series back for a 5th with some real quality,"
"749" "I loved the first Scream - the surprise, the shock, the self-awareness, the humor. It reinvented horror and launched franchise of sequels of varying quality. But this newest one is the best since the first! It captured all the fun of the first. It kept the stakes high by bringing back the original cast and proving that no one is truly safe. The directors had fun baiting the audience with every slasher trope they could. Tense music would rise every time a character walked past a dark doorway or opened a cabinet to hide the view from the hall - naturally that is when the killer is standing on the other side but not in Scream! Playing with the tropes in a fun self-aware way is what Scream is all about and Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett nailed it."
"750" "To put context behind these thoughts ,,, I rarely watch horror. I have a reasonable recollection of Scream (1996). I know there were sequels but have no idea how many. I'm sure I've seen at least one, but cannot recall any specifics. And this movie ... I thoroughly enjoyed.This is the best hand-off from original cast to a new cast in a reboot/sequel/re-quel I've seen; much smoother than Star Wars Force Ep7; Ghostbusters (2021) felt a bit shoehorned in (touching nonetheless); I'm not sure Spider-man No Way Home counts as a handoff; and I refuse to watch Matrix Resurrections.The jump fakes in theory should have lulled me into a false sense of security, but in the end they just made me laugh. The kills really felt like the filmmakers were playing a game of one-ups-manship. The premise was wackadoo, but had a hint of \"someone out there could be thinking like this.\" The Mindy character is hilarious. And some real solid delivery (It's an honor).The meta-commentary on both sides of \"toxic fandom\" and shark-jumping franchises is very timely and way too on the nose. I wonder if this inherently dates the movie. Either that or this movie will be just as relevant 20 years from now, in which case we are already in hell.My recommendation? The best way to watch this movie is alone. At home. Sprawled out on your couch. And stoned. Trust me."
"751" "Pros: -funny -not too long nor too short -Ghostface -pretty ladies -that handsome dude -killing Children -nice stabby sounds -lesbians but not really -Jasmine Savoy Brown -it was nice to watch -no need of 1000IQ -nice quip, Sam Cons: -not scary at all -once again, dumb characters and decision making -jumpsacers ain't scary anymote -they can't kill anybody -predictable -bullets go pew pew -unnecesery scenes -soundtrack -the ending -Dylan Minnette -PLOT-HOLES."
"752" "This was such a great movie. It brought back the meta goodness that the original Scream had. It brought back key characters from the original movies. It gave us a new group of well-rounded, likable characters. The kills were possibly more brutal than any of the films prior. It has a great ending and every moment of the movie you can feel how heavily the events of the first movie loom over the cast in this one."
"753" "I went in with very low expectations as these type of films or \"requels\" tend to fail hopelessly.Surprisingly, Scream 5 wasn't at all bad. The cast selection and acting was really good, arguably the best in any Scream film so far. This definitely felt like the old school ghostface films but at the same time, not outdated in any way. I also really like that we weren't forced to digest many of the \"woke\" themes that you typically find in modern day films.It's not perfect, of course. The story does keep you engaged for long enough although the conclusion feels like it missed a few beats. Still an enjoyable watch though and I'm glad I went to see it in theaters.7/10 (by slasher standards)"
"754" "I'm sure some people won't like some of the gore, but I found the movie to be pretty good, although my favorite scream movie was number 3. The only thing about this movie was seeing how some of the actors aged, which made me feel old, which of course I am. LOL."
"755" "Some people want good guys to win, some people want bad guys. But when they suddenly and illogically enhance the good guys to win, that is so irritating. The movie is very very good until the last 15 minutes. The killers made a genius plan but died ridiculously. Dude debated and died rather than killing everyone and succeed. If he killed Cox, shot Sidney from the knee, it would be so much better. Whole thing is a huge disappointment."
"756" "I'm going to start off by rating the Scream movies.1. Scream (Original) 2. Scream 2 and Scream 5 (Tied for 2nd) 3. Scream 4 4. Scream 3I would almost say that Scream 5 was better than the original due to the fact that there were no lulls or fillers in Scream 5. In the original, there were a couple of scenes where I would fast forward, like the grocery store scene. But in Scream 5, it flows better and no scenes are boring or pointless.The kills in Scream 5 are more bloody and disturbing. There are also a couple of Jump scares. I also did not mind the close-ups of the kill scenes. To me the new directors were just trying to put their unique stamp on the movie.Simply put, the movie is fun and entertaining."
"757" "The same story over and over, nowadays every horror movie feels like the same, well performed by all of the casts, the movie felt too long for its story, overrall its a decent binge watch."
"758" "The whole time I was wondering how can a movie be this bad? Everything about the movie is awful! Bad plot, terrible dialogues and acting, bad cinematography etc. The worst thing is that it's got 6.9 on IMDB!"
"759" "Well, the expectations were low! And the movie really lived up to my expectations. It was bad all the way through. For real. Jesus christ. Save your money and steer away. Would rather recommend a shot to the head, instead of seeing this!"
"760" "I think this was a Good finale to the franchise. Had a few moments I felt was dragged out but for the most part it's a decent watch & having the original characters back makes it more enjoyable."
"761" "The writers can pretend it's not another sequel but of course it is. It's also a sequel with some questionable story decisions. The characters are good. The kills are fun, but something that happens periodically with a character defiantly subtracts from the movie."
"762" "Scream have great moments. Emotional ones and, of course, scary ones too. I'm both cases, specially for the fans, the movie reach the expectations for those who have waited so long for a sequel like this one.There are moments, like all the scary movies, that we question ourselves about the decisions of some characters. But, even in this cases, Scream works perfectly and shows why this franchise, adored since always, still stands after long 25 years."
"763" "I was super excited when I heard new scream movie came out. But after watching it 10min, I started to feel like Hollywood made a huge mistake...once again. I hated how they used a loud noise/music to scare people which some parts were totally unnecessary. Those kind of affects doesn't work on me, Im Japanese I grew up with scary ghost movies. The killer only magically appears and walks super slow. There's no jumping or running until the last scene.The only part I got excited was to see Sydney and all the other original casts. Some scenes totally reminds you of the originals, and it makes this movie even more boring.This movie definitely makes you wanna watch the originals. I give one start for that."
"764" "Overall a watchable movie , this is what happens when you have two directors , and a really bad new young actors , i think if they had a different cast the movie would have been better .The performance was really bad ."
"765" "The story is almost a copy-paste from the original. The constant references to the other movies was getting enoying fast.Still it was fun enough but Hollywood need some real original stuff."
"766" "Another murderer in a Ghostface costume has been killing people in Woodsboro and it's up to Sam, a young woman who escaped from the town, to figure out who's behind the killings this time with the help of Dewey, Gale, and Sidney.This new Scream feels like a welcome breath of fresh air. It has all the humor, scares, and surprises of the best entries in the series and the new young cast are a mostly enjoyable group of actors and they're given a lot of support by the dream trio of Arquette, Campbell, and Cox. The final killer reveal isn't the most surprising one of the series , but the mayhem that surrounds it makes it work."
"767" "This film s trying to hit that \"So bad it's good\" feel. Do not watch this if your hoping for a true horror film. This film is paying homage to the old school scream films and cliche film techniques from back in the day, that would see the teenager fall in the woods and phone falls out the pocket. If you go in with that kind set this film is an ok Friday night watch."
"768" "Sorry, but I got to say I don't like the new protagonist casts, I don't like the background story of the ghostface killers, it just make no sense for me. I still love the old scream movies and the casts and I hope the sixth installment will be better then the fiffth."
"769" "This Scream wasn't a bad movie, but it also wasn't the best. First the good, the acting was well done. I liked the main character and her backstory, it made the movie most interesting. I also liked having teens who were related to former characters in this as it made it a bit nostalgic and the place where the ending happened felt that way too. The gore was also amazing too, especially the deaths of the killersMy big issue was the same issue I had with Scream 4. I like the killers in Scream to have great motives, The first 3 did that. The last 2 did not and that really hurt the movie in my opinion and it's why the movie is good, not great."
"770" "To appreciate, you have to watch the original and be a fan. Wasnt a bad movie, however a lot of the stuff was stupid, a lot of cliche's. Once again, it wasn't a bad film, I'd recommend for sure, more of a thriller, similar to every other scream movie, except a newer version."
"771" "Had me guessing the whole time! Just as good as the first. It was great to see the original cast members (surviving lol) as part of it too. Great weekend watch."
"772" "I absolutely loved this movie. It took a new fresh direction, as a scream fan you would think you wouldn't want much change but honestly it's welcomed. Scream for this generation. Sooo much better than 4. I like 4 at the time but it hasn't aged well in my opinion. This is so fresh and clever. Just a new scream. Enjoy. And avoid spoilers."
"773" "If you love the Scream franchise this is one of the better sequels, but let's be honest. There are no jumpscares in this one. The movie uses the same scaretactics than every other Scream movie. We've seen it all before. But there is still some twists and turns compared to other Scream movies and something to build on for the next chapters in the franchise. I'm giving 6 stars for entertainment value and the who-dun-it part which I found a bit to predictable."
"774" "This scream film is all over the plan, not very scary. Not sure how it's done so well. The highlight was it finishing. Could have been so much better."
"775" "I remember seeing the 1st scream at the cinema. I was blown away by it and is still my favourite horror film! I also love scream 2. This is a awful mess. It's like they have tried to reboot the franchise and ruin the original all at once with cherry picking from the other films. Its just a mess! The poster is better than the film!"
"776" "Sidney, Dewey, and Gale are all lured back to Woodsboro after a new set of killings start up due to someone wanting to make a \"requel\" to the original Stab film.Somehow, this new Scream manages to give the fans everything they want and still have a few surprises up its sleeve. The main trio are better than ever and given good material to work with and the new, young cast of teens are a mostly appealing group. A few of the suspense set pieces and murders are franchise bests."
"777" "Scream 5 is basically Star Wars 7 for this franchise. It's long, it's dull, it's illogically written and worst of all it's incredible pretentious. The only diff to SW7 is that Scream 5 openly admits that.The story isn't very good, lots of stupid decisions that make no sense (and not in the normal slasher-movie-way), you know after the first 10 minutes who the new Ghostface is but the movie makes you wait for 2 hours to reveal the not shocking and very obvious ending.The acting is alright I guess, especially the younger cast doing a decent job, but you can tell none of the older actors really want to be there and deliver the minimum amount acting to get their paycheck and leave asap. Amber is the most annoying and unlikable person I've seen in quite a while, though I'm not sure if that was 100% intentional or if Mikey Madison is just a terrible actress.If you go in there expecting a fun horror movie you can enjoy with your mates and comfortably forget about right after leaving the cinema, you'll be disappointed. It's long, boring, unrewarding and just bad.Like I said in the beginning, if you have seen SW7, you have seen Scream 5."
"778" "I'm not sure how to call this genre of horror, funky horror, teen horror, fun horror maybe. It doesn't matter really, what matters is that it's a kind of horror that doesn't take itself too seriously. And the sequel to scream does that quite well. It's entertaining, there are no dull moments, a few scares here and there, and it keeps you guessing until the end. The constant references to horror movies are a bit annoying but at least they're somehow connected to the plot.Don't set your expectations too high, grab your popcorn and let the slashing begin!"
"779" "Really cringy, questionable acting, and scenes that make absolutely no sense. Apparently hospitals have no staff at night... A woman killed screaming outside her house in broad daylight, nobody sees or hears anything no? This was hard to watch, especially with the really cheesy lines - some of which didn't even make sense: \"Enjoy the torch\"? It felt like an inexperienced kid made this after watching too many bad 90s horrors."
"780" "The people aren't even acting. They're rehearsing and discussing a script together.It wasn't bad, but the ending was rather disappointing.If we claim everybody to be a killer, we'll completely throw the viewer off the path won't we?It's like how many fingers am I holding up, it could be one but also two, or maybe three? Jk just one. Or four? Haha you'll never guess it's five.. OOPSIE I said it... Or did I ? Maybe it's none hahah you'll never guess..."
"781" "Unwatchable. Horrible the worst script, horrible acting and omg an inhaler. Like In what world would you go to get an inhaler and then throw everyone out. Then when they leave the sheriffs house it's broad daylight but they are in the car driving to hospital and it's suddenly night. I was a fan of the original Scream but this was a waste of time.Stop not more because the franchise is becoming a joke."
"782" "Not perfect by any means but Infinitely better than the last two Halloween's and overall just a fun movie. Really recaptures the spirit of the original while being self aware enough to acknowledge it is almost the same movie in a lot of ways and that ultimately is what makes it a good movie. Humor was great with lots of great references sprinkled throughout. It's a friggin slasher movie at the end of the day, it's there to be entertaining and that it was. If you like these movies you'll at the very least have fun with it."
"783" "Waste of time. So stupid and it made fun of the original. No thanks! This was just completely ridiculous. Almost like a joke.If you like the original, please don't waste your time. I am sitting in the theater, thinking I paid to watch the 1996 original. I had no idea there was a remake."
"784" "If you grew up in the 90s, and scream was a part of your childhood... this is as close as it gets. It's not a sequel, and it's not a remake. There's so many connections that are just close enough to revisit without being disappointed in the original."
"785" "Well what to say about this one... I don't even know why I watched it to be honest. I have no memory of Scream 3 and 4. Scream 3 I'm not sure of, but definitely haven't seen Scream 4 because I got bored with the franchise. But when I saw Sidney, Gale and Dewey would be part of it after such a long time, for some reason I decided I wanted to take a trip down memory lane.Anyway, I do like how they made fun of franchises and thus basically of their own movie in this one. Though I'm afraid they were right. This franchise is dead. I got bored somewhere halfway. And by the time they entered that house I already figured out who the killers were. Nothing was really surprising in this script, apart from the fact that people who should have been dead or at least unconscious can still stand up and fight..over and over again, while others get killed with one stab or one gunshot... Plot armour much? What actually surprised me most is that Skeet Ulrich doesn't seem to have aged at all! Anyway, I do have to disagree with Tara though, I didn't really like the Babadook either. I guess I'm more of a Flanagan fan by now."
"786" "It's been a decade since the last Scream and without Wes Craven at the helm, this new sequel seemed like a fool's errand without a lot of hope, but the filmmakers are clever enough to justify this film's reason for existence and bring enough new material to the table to keep it from being a total loss.Ghostface has returned and lured Samantha, a former Woodsboro resident, back to town to help solve the mystery and figure out who could be behind the infamous mask this time. Could someone be trying to make a \"requel\" by rebooting the series with a fresh new cast while still bringing the legacy characters back to make things more legitimate?It's nice to see Arquette, Campbell, and Cox back and given more than just fan service cameos. Not all the twists and turns work and Kevin Williamson's ear for dialogue is notably absent, but this new Scream has a few nice surprises and it's not a bad way to kill two hours."
"787" "Not an avid Scream fan but really liked this. 2 hours of stupid scares but also gore. Loved Cox and Campbell in this!Good twist at the end. Was unsure who it was all throughout but the tension built and the story was constant. No lulls or filler scenes.Go. It's definitely worth 2 hours."
"788" "THE KILLER IS WEAK AND HAD LESS SCREEN TIME SO MUCH TALKING FOR NOTHING FOCUSING IN CHARACTERS STORY AND EVERY DETAIL AND SOME USELESS PART ITS BORING FROM THE START AND THE ENDING IS CRINGE."
"789" "The original is almost always better than the second (except Terminator 2 and Aliens IMO) and this one honestly blew me away. I've been a die hard fan of this franchise since it came out. I'm always excited for the next one, however somewhat disappointed in the 4th one honestly. The fresh newcomers were so well casted and the legendary ones reprise their roles as more featured background actors. I loved that they didn't focus the new story entirely around them. My favorite style or horror film is in the style of the iconic Wes Craven. Gorey-Comedy will always be my favorite kind of scary movie! Screw you Babadook and Hereditary. Go see this movie ASAP!"
"790" "Wes Craven reawakened the slasher genre with his original Scream. It made fun of the genre stereotypes while still having a great story. This new installment feels like it's trying so hard to recreate that same meta magic that it almost feels like a parody of itself. Overall, not a terrible movie. But I would also never watch it again."
"791" "Ive always been and will be a fan of the \"Scream\" series. The first time that I've watched a \"Scream\" movie is when i was 5 years old and it was scary but amazing at the same time. This \"requel\" does all the same! Its full of plot twists, and really really exciting scenes. Absolutely recommend it to watch asap!"
"792" "It doesn't deserve one star. It was superficial and the acting was not good. I cant understand This rating 7 from 10! How com? So don't breath was deserve 100."
"793" "Main actress is absolutely TERRIBLE, how the hell she has an acting career I don't know. Getting stabbed multiple times isn't fatal according to this movie and you can just walk away afterwards. The Mindy character is one of the most cringe and unlikeable characters ever to be on screen, what kind of friend jokes about their friend who just got brutally attacked getting finished off by the killer and seeming soo happy at the thought. The writers will say that anyone who dislikes this movie is a toxic fan of the original but at the end of the day, it's a trash film that tries way too hard to be something it's not. Only good thing was Neve Campbell and she was hardly in it. Stick to the original 4."
"794" "Of course it is a film in which some things are predictable. But: it's entertaining, has nostalgic allusions and moments, and still looks fresh, above all it's quite brutal. Unfortunately, the motif is a bit off, but hey, it's supposed to entertain and the film does that."
"795" "The movie, would've been great, if it was some fan made independent movie that only existed online... but as a studio movie, it just wasn't good enough - not for a final chapter Scream movie, and still somehow it was very entertaining, and funny, and charming, and they really upped the ante with the kills, but the actual story and the main characters / villains were kind of dull and boring... and still somehow, I was entertained."
"796" "It's OK to pass the time but only if you liked the original Scream (1996). But we are getting a batch of movies lately that are just too \"meta\": making fun of themselves, calling out their own tropes, a scary movie having their characters say \"it's not a movie\", a scary movie having characters say what the rules to survive a scary movie are...It's obviously a cash grab. That being said, as far as cash grabs go... it's decent."
"797" "If you're a fan of the originals this works pretty well.Some really obvious plot holes but that's not unexpected. It's dumb but it's pretty entertaining.So sit back, give your brain a break, eat some popcorn."
"798" "The Scream (2022) is the fifth film in the Scream franchise, which was created by the great Wes Craven. In fact, \"Scream\" was the second time in Wes' career when he restarted slashers. I can probably call myself a fan of the Scream franchise, since I saw all the previous films and didn't like only the third one, and also watched the TV series of the same name (although I had enough for one season - the second was too vanilla).In terms of visual, music and murders, the film is at the highest level. The soundtrack is typical for the genre, but quite pleasant, as there is a variety. The film was shot pretty well - the effect of the rotating camera looked gorgeous. I wrote about the murders above - really the most violent, brutal and bloody in the Scream franchise, plus some are not without drama.In total, most likely the best horror of 2022 was released (Kronerberg's new film in a different league). Bloody, furious, dramatic, but not devoid of great humor. A really cool (hopefully) conclusion to the Scream franchise. I wish all the sequels of the old movies were like this, dreams are dreams..."
"799" "Holy cow!!This is so awesome and scary!!!The best scary movies of all time!!!!It's been 26 years since the original movie came out !!!So glad to see Sidney, Gale, and Dewey returned in the movie!!"
"800" "This film turns up the gore and delivers on the laughs. I appreciate how the new directors attempted to keep the overall self-aware nature of the film in tact. The side characters were not intriguing and within the first ten minutes I was accurately able to pinpoint who the killer (or killers?) were. So, from that standpoint, it was predicable.However, it was still enjoyable, and while it was not better than the first (none of them are), it was still fun and re-watchable."
"801" "This movie was really bad, felt embarrassed just watching it.\"Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity\""
"802" "So I might not be the right person to give this a good review. I watched the first scream way back when it showed up on TV and thought it was clever and thoroughly enjoyed it. Fun cast, quit wit. But not my type of horror. Fast forward and I only want to watch this because I'm a Jenna Ortega fan. Long story short. Not disappointed. She is a scream queen, the reat of the cast varried with the veterans jumping back into their roles almost as if they never left, and the main sisters carried the show. The meta commentary was heavy handed, the nods to wes craven were nice, but it definitely felt lacking. All in all a fun popcorn flick with a few laughs and a fewer scares. Hoping the next one will be better. And as long as Jenna is in the franchise, I guess I am too."
"803" "I was hoping for 6/10 after scream 4 (which was not a satisfying addition to the series after a 10 year wait) lol but walked out of the cinema very happy and giving this a solid 8.5/10, rounded up to 9 for IMDb. The writing was mostly back on point except for a few slower moments between the original cast which felt underwritten but the humour and self referential digs at the series and previous chapters in the story were there and dripping in sarcasm as the writers had obviously done their work reading the reviews online to see how fans really feel about the Scream series. The violence was much more brutal than I was expecting and the third act was a real treat. Truly, the third act was fun! If you liked the Scream series but any of the sequels left you and disappointed and made you question going back to the cinema this time - just go. You'll have a great time! Condolences to the characters that died this time and congrats to those that survived!"
"804" "It's not the best movie or the worst one. It's definitely in the middle. I didn't enjoy most of the new characters as they seemed not enjoyable. There was a few I enjoyed though. It's a solid movie but it feels rushed throughout."
"805" "A poor performance from many of the actors actresses, especially the lead, Melissa Barrera, drug down what was already a weak script. The meta commentary within the movie is ham-fisted. The direction is weak. Despite these faults, it is still a mostly entertaining movie."
"806" "I've been hurt before by revivals of previous franchises, but this one was actually really good. The twists and reveals weren't obvious, there was a aura of self awareness in some parts that kept it from just being a nostalgia bait, it's brutal and unapologetic, and even makes fun of other companies screwing up their revivals and basically just screams to every other writer \"hey THIS is how you breathe life back into a franchise\" it's exactly what I think most people wanted. No preaching, no disrespect, little jumpscares, no bs. If you're a fan of the original this movie is an absolute treat to watch."
"807" "Identified the killers as soon as they appear on screen.But was still entertaining and good to see the original stars return - even Courtney - even if her face doesn't move these days.David Arquetta can across as a bad ass - he should 100% be considered for more movies - can see him fitting into John Wick world quite well."
"808" "This movie is very boring and you get sleepy by watching it, which makes you wonder why you would even bother watching this movie rather than sleeping instead.It shows uninteresting events during the whole movie to make you wonder what is the plot till the end and you really don't want to wast your time for that."
"809" "Saw the movie yesterday and was surprised that it was that goood. The new characters actually fit well into the story narrative and they don't feel annoying or like they shouldn't be there unlike other requels. The acting was great especially Jenna Ortega she delivered so greatly, I never even knew she was that good. The movie felt like it was missing something i'm not sure what but you can just feel it. But overall I really liked this one, can't wait for the next."
"810" "I never was a proper fan of the scream movies as I was young however this was brilliant! Making me want to rewatch all the others!It's hilarious/emotional/gruesome The actors are all amazing and it's a constant guessing game who the killer is for the whole movie!"
"811" "It was the most stupid film I've ever seen!!Full of holes and voids and mistakes!!I think some of the characters are immortal and immune to knifes. :)After stabbing that hard you cant move a little, but the characters run and fight and heal in half an hour!It is insulting to viewers and their sanity. I only watched it in hope of a brilliant escape from cliche but it never happened :("
"812" "\"SCREAM\" REVIEWDirected by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett. Starring and new comer to the franchise Melissa Barrera as \"Sam Carpenter\". After \"Sam\" sister \"Tara Carpenter\" was attacked from an old familiar face \"Ghost Face\" some twenty five years from the original attacks that took place in \"Woodsboro\". This attack sets of a chain reaction that brings back the original victims \"Sidney Prescott\", \"Gale Weathers\", and \"Dewey Riley\". Played by Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, and David Arquette that set this whole thing off.You follow the original victims with the new victims. To see how they all blend together and try to piece together who's the new \"Ghost Face\" is and how these current murders relate to the past. With \"Sam\" and \"Tara\" immediate friend group and boyfriend being the prime suspects because of how they all have some correlation to the original murders.Wether \"Chad\" and \"Mindy Meeks-Martin\" played by Jasmin Savoy Brown who you can watch in the new hit show \"Yellowjackets\" and Mason Gooding, uncle being \"Randy\" from the first \"scream\". \"Wes Hicks\" played by Dylan Minnette mom being \"Deputy Judy Hicks\" played by Marley Shelton. To round out the suspects you have \"Sam\" boyfriend \"Richie Kirsch\" played by Jack Quaid who's also from the hit show \"The Boys\". \"Tara\" best friend \"Amber Freeman\" played by Mikey Madison. But of course you always know even the most unlikely suspect is a suspect.Follow this group of new and old or what's left of it once \"Ghost Face\" is done. See what motivates this new killer, and how this new blended group can stop \"Ghost face\" murderous onslaught.\"Scream\" was great, I can't lie. I rewatched the original before I watched this one so it was fresh in my head and I could remember what I watch all those years ago. Man the original was so cheesy. But this one even with the cheese it was good. The way they poked fun at there own franchise was hilarious. A lot of well known franchises that have came back tried to do the same thing allha \"The Matrix\". This was actually done right. They broke down in the film what makes a good reboot and there template was spot on.They injected a lot of new characters but still brought you the main characters from the original. Which brought in new and old fans. You even get a cameo from Skeet Ulrich who played \"Billy Loomis\" in the original \"Scream\". Also \"Ghost Face\" was going crazy with the murders. It was wildly entertaining and fun.It gave you a lot of cheese but unlike the originals that just made me roll my eyes I actually enjoyed those scenes too. Of course they mention the obvious how its similar to other horror franchises which was funny. It didn't take itself serious but still serious enough to were the whole movie wasnt a drag. I actually enjoyed this more than the new \"Halloween\" film.I give \"Scream\" four more fires ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥ðŸ”¥. You know what your getting with these type of films. It stuck to its roots but added that current feel to it. This ranks very high out of all the \"Scream\" films.#CosmoandtheMovieWithin #CosmoMovieBlog #CosmoLanier #Scream."
"813" "I dont think there is anything they could have done better, they did what they could and I give them a lot of credit for that, it was well written with so much homeage to the original. Loved the dialoge, it was smart and interesting. It does keep you guessing til the end.The only thing it lacks is on the believeable part, people might think thats dumb to say because you know it's a sequel/requel and it's Â«traditionalÂ» hack and slash movie only smarter.f But it's just missing something the old ones had which made them more believeable, BUT nonthless a good movie and it's worth checking out! Ghostface is back baby!"
"814" "Scream managed to push this franchise forward, even if just a bit, with this instalment. It's not mind blowing, but it's fun and good enough to sit in the middle of the pack if you were to rank this franchise. I would be fine if they stopped here or made another film, so in all, that's a win for me. Worth the theatre price!"
"815" "An awesome Requel for the franchise. Everything you expect from a classic - updated for a new generation of course. Definitely worth watching . Nice twists , jump scares and even some false jump scares just thrown in there."
"816" "I so enjoyed watching this requel of Scream. Was a bit scared, it wouldn't live up the promise, but it was better than 2,3 and 4. I do must say, I knew almost from the start who the killer was... and it got only confirmed during the movie - as he/she still didn't got killed, and there were many chances to do so. But still there were other surprising end parts. Loved the extra gore and ghostface had a lot of airtime!! Had a good time watching this, it scared me, had a good laugh and some scenes were silly as hell... just what a good slasher needs to be. I am curious where they are going to take it next, and looking forward to the next installment!"
"817" "Well , well Scream ðŸ˜± 2022 was a disappointment indeed . There's no real point in going into the plot so l won't ! Yes this one winks are Scream 1 ( A better film ) but that to be expected ! This Scream is almost 2hrs long & you know what it seems longer !!! With long stretch out scenes with the main leads in this who dunit . Don't expect cameos like maybe of the other films & expect a small role from a Charter whom appeared in Scream ðŸ˜± 3 in 2000 breify . Our main star has a connection to the first film Scream played out in my opinion in a silly way . Of course David , Neve & Courtney are back for more ...certainly to more Scream ! Because this Scream is not scray at all even the Ghostface voices does scare or bring any suspense to the film . As for the casts they do ok with 3 of the female actors doing the best work ! They have mentioned by others before ! I am being kind when l say it's average & not memerbal onces you leave the theatre ! Need to do better if they is a 6 guys."
"818" "I liked the metalanguages, nothing innovative, but I haven't seen them in a movie for a long time. I liked the gore too, unlike other movies, this movie knows how to work the gore. I felt like the characters were vulnerable throughout the entire movie, that's what makes the movie different. But I have to say that I didn't like the final sequence.But overall it's a good movie, the first good movie I saw released in 2022 and the third best in the franchise, only behind the original and the second film."
"819" "It is a funny and smart comeback for the franchise, decent and well planned. Young characters are a bit bleak and lack of importance, and the star characters' presence don't feel to be enough. However, there is some balance in such unevenness, that make all plot to work pretty well. No-one is able to shot Scream in its head, so it is better to follow its own rules and return for more bloody fun."
"820" "I watched it only because of Jenna Ortega and Dylan Minnette and other than that, I couldn't find anything good about the movie. It was more sarcastic than scary."
"821" "It felt rushed and didn't have a ton of character development, but still overall not too bad. Enjoyable to watch. Had some good laughs and okay scares. Not as predictable as I was expecting it to be. Would recommend."
"822" "Â« Scream \" is my favorite movie series. Characters, the course of the story, the main characters, the pace - all this really keeps you in suspense. I'm glad the series doesn't get worse."
"823" "Loved this movie took my wife and my mom to see this movie and it was awesome great movie! Had to watch been waiting to long for a new scream movie watched all 4 and now this one was great!"
"824" "Anyone writing comments saying, basically sayin, \"I love the scream franchise but this sucked\" doesn't actually love the scream franchise. This movie was exactly what all the rest are like. The scream franchise is not a classic \"horror\" franchise. It's always satirical and never takes itself seriously. This new movie is no different. Yeah the formula has been done a bunch, it's been done mostly by it's predecessor movies but there is enough difference to make it very enjoyable and give one last hurrah."
"825" "Absolutely god awful. Every character is a parody of a cliche. They completely beat the \"horror movie rules\" horse to death. Felt like being punished for being a horror movie fan."
"826" "How this film has scored an overall 7.1 is beyond me?!! It was a joke. What a shame to spoil the final instalment, I could have come up with a better Film."
"827" "Do not waist your time watching this movie. Bad actors, not realistic and really poor directed. The only highlight of this movie is seeing the former actors like David Arquette and Courtney Cox back on screen."
"828" "Expceted scenes and scenarios.The knife was clean after some stabs Start driving in the day next secen suddenly its night.The onle unexpeted srotyline, the black guy didn't die first."
"829" "Look! I've just watched this movie and yes I'll agree it's a bit of a mess.The original will always be the best. Full stop.But I'm not comparing this to the original because I watched Scream 2022 not Scream 1996.It's entertaining with a generic plot and obvious killers. Yet despite that I still enjoyed it because it had everything a film should have.The plot is easy to follow and has some funny moments with enough gore to satisfy us horror/slasher film fans.So, shut up and stop hating this film. Just give into it and you'll have a laugh. Cause it's a riot."
"830" "Just embarrassing to say the least I could tell who the killers were from the beginning which is just pathetic, just trying to just on the high of Halloween which is just even more laughable, only good thing was the kills but it has to be in this day and age the daylight kills were unexpected which I give a plus to but other then that not much to say other then disappointment."
"831" "This movie fulfilled the love for the original. Yet bringing an amazing horror franchise to the modern day. Without remaking it. It will make you laugh, scream, and cry."
"832" "Not a scary movie, but worth seeing it because of the smart metalanguage uses, and the subtle homages to scary movies of the past, and their directors.---"
"833" "I thought this was well done. A great tribute to Wes and, for me, a great way to push the franchise forward.Enough of the plot flowing with the original. Keeping the past cast that people expect. New characters and a decent script."
"834" "I will give an honest review here . I liked the movie it kept me entertained but seeing the same stuff movie after movie is getting to be laughable. Can any writer write their own material? The directors just copied Wes . I hope in the next installment they will start to do things a little different . I did crack a smile when I found out Sidney was married to \"mark\" . All in all it was a good film that could be great if they just stop doing the same things over again ."
"835" "Thank god, it doesn't suck. I would like to say first off I am a big fan of the Scream series and Wes Craven in general. In a world with countless horror remakes, it's so refreshing to get a sequel/remake that EARNS its existence in the series. Even if yes, it's a bit formulaic at times.I don't want to say much about the plot, but I will say I think it was a smart direction to take it. As usual, Scream is very self-aware, especially with the current film industry and that's really all I can say with no spoilers. The newcomers for the most part don't suck, and it made me actually want to see a sequel with some of these characters. Having some of the original cast was great to see as well. I really appreciate that the legacy characters are there to mainly pass the torch, it's not focused on them and I think it gave the film a better dynamic in a way. I wish I could say more but it's one of those films where everything is a spoiler.If you're a fan of the original series you'll probably like this. It's a true sequel/remake and it sets a different tone for what Ghostface could be in the future while maintaining its self-awareness and identity. I think Wes Craven would be proud of this!8/10."
"836" "I was in love from the first scene. It had exactly what I wanted, as one of those millennials who grew up with the original trilogy.I went into the movie expecting nothing new or groundbreaking; only a good old ghostface meta slasher. I did not look to be surprised or truly horrified; just entertained in the same way I was during the previous 4.I still got a few surprises, but enjoyed it just as well when watching it the 2nd time in a week.I know I'm the exact target audience; I love the franchise, I love this style of horror, and I'm in no way trying to outsmart the movie - only enjoy it.And despite the negative reviews, the rating suggests that there are many more like me.Thanks for another lovely Scream movie!"
"837" "This is a good slasher film and I like that movie companies are starting to get the nostalgia hit right. Enjoyed seeing all the older cast members. Also had me and the family guessing who the killer was till right at the end.Worth a watch if you enjoy the Scream franchise."
"838" "Thriller is much neglected genre the past decade. We barely see anymore the tense atmosphere from start to end like in the 90' and early 00' movies. That' s why I love that this movie happened. It took my back when movie industry was way more fun for me to watch."
"839" "I have to say that the story is disastrous. This is the worst film I've ever watched in a cinema. I would give the story a maximum of 2 points. The film gets a total of 3 points from me because some scenes with knives were well done. All in all, I wouldn't recommend the film."
"840" "Slobby writing, bad acting... if you really want to watch it save your money wait until it's free, gather your buddies light up a joint and laugh your way through it."
"841" "I suppose your rating would depend on at what point you started watching this enduring franchise. If this iteration is your first or even second , than POW! , pretty awesome flick despite some story issues.However, for those of us who have been fans of this series since it's cult status epic inception back in 1996 , the premise has gotten rather boring. This latest edition , notwithstanding some of the original players, doesn't really deliver. The wit and thrills historical prominent in these movies are flat, predictable and methodical here with one exception.Let's just hope we shoot this one in the head."
"842" "Great cinematography, the scares are well-orchesterated and for guys who witnessed the debut of the series, this is a huge trip down memory lane!(I am not eveb a fan of the scream series)"
"843" "I thought this was a terrible requel to the scream movies. Not funny, not scary, not worth the time I spent watching it! And my favorite character the only one worth watching! Truely a let down!!! It sucks!"
"844" "Fabulous from start to finish this Scream takes the franchise right back to basics. Brilliant writing and script and pulled off with great acting from the kids especially. I even think the film could have easily been carried without Sidney and Gale. Duey is fabulous as always. The storyline is completely believable and the film never drags. Absolute massive improvement on Scream 4 which for me was a total letdown. Watch it - it's a scream!"
"845" "Seriously this movie sucked so many plot beats rely on chance and ignorance. The characters were fun but the script was not. I will say though I like the concept that the audience is the reason people die in movies like this but it was poorly executed and easy to miss. I wanted to be smart and missed the bar. IMO ."
"846" "Every SCREAM in enjoyable and great in my opinion, however this one just hits different. I really felt like this is the best since the original and I feel Wes Craven is looking down upon this movie with a smile. 10/10."
"847" "The movie definitely has a couple plot holes that hopefully will be explained the sequel but this one definitely upped the brutality on the deaths which is good. And the 3rd act definitely gets a laugh in a dark way once the chaos reigns. And I'm so happy the OG three come back, when this was first announced, that was the biggest concern I had and then I jumped for joy when they all came back."
"848" "I thought it was intended to make a much more murky chapter of this franchise with less or no comedy inclinations.The creators didn't have any ambition of making a true horror, dark slasher with thriling scenes like every horror is intended to be as per definiton.But no - comedy-horror-like style must go on.Motives of the Ghost-face killer (no has a name and a registered trademark) seemed to make an interesting story yet it turned into a rubbish something which I don't wanna reveal as a potential spoiler.All those references to other parts of the Scream franchise as well as to other slasher horrors made dialogues quite comical what eventually caused a complete crack of the whole structure of the whole structure which constitutes the framework of a good horror.Yeah, and once again - a good HORROR, but not any comedy something with horror motives.I swear that even another episodes of remakes of \"Freddy Krueger\" or \"Halloween\" were way better considered than this part, a bad omen for the style of next chapters."
"849" "As someone who watched the original movies when they came out, this \"requel\" should have never happened. So much unneeded profanity that did nothing to help the story. Doors opened and waiting to see nobody behind them too many times to count. Going to get more beer for a house party, but only carrying grabbing a few? The only plus to this film was bringing back original players."
"850" "Scream is well, Scream. And Scream is great. You know exactly what your getting because it follows a well told formula that it reminds us of throughout the series. Love them all."
"851" "The characters look as dried up as the story is here. The attempt at being meta and describing the requel concept in the movie was a fail as it simply points out why this movie is terrible to start with. While the original is not the most original of movies, the series really died after the second movie and should have been left in the grave. The entire movie is a commentary on why slasher movies are trash and how newer movies are so much better because of the writing while failing to have good writing. While being correct that Jordan Peele is a master of horror, they are wrong in saying that the \"toxic\" fans the original scream don't like his work for being \"elevated.\" Get out was a masterpiece yes but it is a different sub-genre of horror than Scream and is like comparing apples and oranges. The original Scream was edgy for its time while this feels like a trope."
"852" "This Is The Dumbest Movies I've Ever Seen! Just Like The First 2 So, Full Of Holes & Mistakes! I Want My Cash Back! I Don't Recommend This Flick To Anyone."
"853" "I loved this entry. On par with the first two and refreshes the franchise.The new characters were perfect and I found myself caring about if they lived or died, something the 4th failed to achieve for me personally.The legacy cast were used well, and not the main focus of attention in this instalment - passing the torch to the new cast.The phone sequences were good and the jump scares there were plenty.My only criticism really was the final act of the movie - it felt a bit rushed IMO - but not bad at all.I was lucky enough to avoid spoilers - so I would recommend you do the same. The trailer as per usual with the scream films was very cleverly edited - so not too much is given away as is the norm of films these days."
"854" "I went into the movies not expecting to be pleased, since most reboots of any king seem to disappoint me, but this surprised me beyond my expectations! They did a fantastic job in holding true to the original scream and nailed the writing, the lead actress that played Sam and Jenna Ortega killed it! Definitely hoping for them to continue this because it was really damn good!!!"
"855" "The only reason I gave as high as 4 stars was a great showing by David Arquette. The others?... not so much. Cox and Campbell are window dressings. The new cast members ranging from unengaging, to copies of the original film characters, to downright boring. The reveal is predictable and the motives nonsensical. The only real \"meta\" moment was their realizing they were in a \"requel\". Zero originality in the kills and this is the first in the franchise that didn't give me at least one jump scare. If not for Arquette this film was a 2 at best. Disappointing..."
"856" "Definitely not the original but definitely the best of all the sequels. Great job with the story line and loved that Skeet Ulrich was in it. Better than I expected."
"857" "Another scream movie that requires to keep your brain shut and watch it. The problem was even when my brain was shut, I found it hard to enjoy it. Although I separated the movies on two parts, It was boring and I kept waiting for the movie to end."
"858" "This movie is just dumb.It maintains the structure of the first film, making constant references to the entire franchise, seeking to please the fans, but the writing is weak and the actions of the characters are meaningless."
"859" "I watched all the previous scream films and whilst you don't expect a whole lot, I would have expected more. It honestly isn't worth the trip to the cinema to see it. Laughable at times."
"860" "From script to direction and storyline, this is by bar the worst movie i have ever seen. It's like a bad version of Scary Movie. Could not take it seriously!"
"861" "Of course, after the controversial Fourth part (I personally liked it), there was little hope for a continuation and, even more so, there was little hope for a normal continuation. However, the sequel happened.And it's great.What the creators can be praised for is that they did not completely invent new techniques. What for? Screaming is not a case where you can experiment. The scheme is simple and working for this franchise: we have here again a group of teenagers who know all the rules of horror films and are trying to figure out who the killer is. And at the same time not to die. The classic plot plot."
"862" "I was sceptic when I heard about this movie, intrigued after seeing the previews and throughly enjoyed the movie from start to finish. Not a nail-biter exactly, but hit the spot!!"
"863" "I love horror movies and this is one of my favorites. The film and the characters that are filmed here did their job very, very well. Thanks to the director for the unpredictability and for being really scary. In our time, there are very few such films, so I recommend it to all horror fans like me!"
"864" "I have waited since 2011 for another Scream film. This was pretty much a reboot which to be honest the series needed and I am glad this was a kind of a reboot instead of using the same characters like Halloween does which does not give the story and film a new look a refresh to the series.It was nice to see the three original stars back in this film such as Neve Campbell as Sidney Prescott who does not really have a role in this film that much, David Arquette as Dewey Riley who we have always loved and Courteney Cox as Gale Weathers-Riley. We get to see for a bit how they all have moved on in life but only events brings them back together. It felt like these guys. Was passing the touch to the new generation. It makes me kind of old to see these three but for the film to move on and have a fresh look into the series, it needs to be based on someone else which I think this film does that.Overall, this film was not bad, not good, it could have been better then terms of better actors and actress, it felt a bit messy at times. The kills were more violent than before which was good.When you grew up watching scream films or any horror films, you kind of are able to predict what is going to happen like when there is gonna be a scary jump.It does feel like a scream film, such as getting you jumpy, it has so many scary jump moments, but everything felt rushed but its a good film. I personal think that Scream 4 was the best in the recent years. Scream 4 has a good storyline, also this Scream 5 film does have a good storyline, actual a twist which I won't say but you can see a small tribute from the first film. So this is more like a reboot for future Scream films.Should you watch this in the cinema, so if your a scream fan, horror fan then go for it but do not go thinking this film is going to be amazing cause its ok, not bad. 3/5 stars rating.With a better cast, story, more horror, scary moments, scream 6 if it comes out, could be good. We shall see."
"865" "Ghostface in back doing what he does best - Tormenting would be victims with phone calls, horror trivia and witty one liners. His killings are more gruesome than they've ever been but oddly enough, this serves to give the film a more realistic tone.Sound, camera angels and horror tropes are played on to keep you on the edge of your seat whenever you feel that Ghostface may be around.Scream welcomes a fresh new cast who are interesting and funny enough for the most part. This includes recognisable faces such as Jack Quaid (The Boys), Dylan Minnette (13 Reasons Why) and Mikey Maddison (Once Upon a Time in Hollywood). The group includes the typical High School group personalities and some fresh ones for the new age. Whilst they don't all get equal air time we get to know each of enough to care.In typical requel fashion, Scream brings back individuals from the past series. For the most part this was handled well. It give fans of the series something to recognise and hold on to whilst not taking away from the new cast.Scream is the ultimate meta horror franchise series and Scream (2022) does not disappoint in this aspect. Some of the issues in the fire line are requels (sequels/reboots) and elevated horror movies. Scream manages to make fun of horrors and yet follow many of its tropes to reach its end goal. For any other film, the self awareness would have been too much but it is fair game in Scream.Scream also does a good job of filming a slasher in the modern era with interesting use and combination of technology both new and old. There are parts where you have to suspend belief but that is all part of the rules in this Scream franchise as well as the horror franchise more generally.An enjoyable reboot that feels somewhat familiar whilst offering something new and entertaining."
"866" "Completely nonsensical escapist fun. Everyone knows they are a Scream movie, and everybody lives up to this dea,l hamming it up whilst still keeping a straight face. Great fun for an evenings entertainment."
"867" "So as far as sequels go or in the case re-quel, this really hits the spot. The fast paced movie keeps you on edge till the end reveal (which in my case could have been done better) . The characters are written perfectly and the humour is laced throughout. There was subtle nods to Wes craven littered in places which tug on your heart strings. Although it has its flaws at times this is a massive improvement from scream 4 . The legacy characters really didn't need to be in this movie to enjoy it as much as we could have. The returning characters and a surprising returning character will bring the fans back and pull in new fans as well. Definitely one for the re watch list."
"868" "This film was a clear cash grab revival on the series which I enjoyed some aspects of and disliked others. This film is an unnecessary addition but at least it doesn't take itself seriously as the constant stab references to how its a dead series with all the reboots and sequels clearly implies itself. It's much better than scream 2 and 3 (which isn't hard to beat) but it's no where near as good as the original. The cameos and bringing back of fan favourites just isn't going to save this predictable and at some points boring film. However I did like the tributes to Wes craven such as a sign with Elm st on and the final message before credits role. Only watch if you're already a fan of the series."
"869" "I grew up with the original scream, I know what you did last summer, etc. I appreciate horror movies that are very violent, gory, but also cheesy with silly plot lines. That's what this film is, it was definitely a tribute to the original, which I like. Will it win an Oscar any time soon, definitely not. But it's a shoutout to classic 90s horror and I think people are missing that point."
"870" "I love \"Scream\" since childhood. This is a worthy sequel. And the next meeting with your favorite characters and the introduction as new favorite actors is ideal."
"871" "This movie delivered where Halloween Kills and Matrix Resurrections failed doing meta breaking and direct follow up story. The mystery is intriguing and actually pokes fun of the modern trend of movie sequels and prequels today.Obviously still not as good as the first (even pointed out in the movie) but it manages to stay true to it. Wes Craven is missed but the new directors add their own flare to it. I liked it."
"872" "I wasn't sure what to expect, as sequels are often nowhere near as good as the original movies. This one went beyond my expectations.What I liked: there was almost no comedy. For me, that's a good thing, as I think comedy can sometimes take viewers out of a horror film. There was also a sense of paranoia amongst the main characters as the movie progressed, as they realized any one of them could be the killer.Also, this movie was genuinely scary. There were a few times were I held my breath because I didn't know when the killer would come out. Finally, all of the characters did an excellent job. It was almost like passing the torch, so to speak. Everyone played their parts perfectly. And there were a couple of huge surprises that I genuinely didn't see coming. I would rate this one the best of them all."
"873" "Lead actress was horribly annoying but the rest of the new cast is fun. The reveal was disappointing. Over all, doesnt live up to the first 2. Save your money and watch it once it streams."
"874" "I'm gonna be honest straight off the bat, I was going to watch the original scream but it wasn't on paramount+ so I tried this. I absolutely loved it! The actors / actresses were AMAZING. It all seemed so real, like off a true crime episode. When I can find where to watch the other Scream's I'm sure it'll feel as if it's just another movie from Scream's franchise. Would 100% watch again!"
"875" "I've wanted to write this but did not want to include any spoilers as it's hard to do a review of this film without giving away a lot of it. I must say, they did a fantastic job on this sequel and providing a fresh and intriguing chapter to the Woodsboro murders. As usual, someone dons the Ghostface mask to bring back it's main characters but not in the exact way you think or may like. They are \"passing the baton\" to the next generation while allowing us to catch a glimpse into the lives of Sidney, Gale, and Dewey. The new cast provides an awesome ensemble with great rapport with one another. The shocks are there and plentiful but (and it might just be overanalyzing) when the truth comes out at the end, you sometimes question the \"size\" of the killer in some of the gut wrenching murder scenes. Something doesn't add up and quite frankly, that might be the twist of the knife that we will be getting in the newly announced \"Scream 6\".You will not be disappointed if you are a fan of the franchise and even if you aren't but are familiar, it's a fun who-dun-it that packs a bloody punch!"
"876" "Not bad. This movie i gift 8/10 not really perfect but the movie is not bad. Not really scary but its worth it to watch. If you Like scream 1 2 3 4 yoh should watch this scream."
"877" "The lines are so typical that its hard to watch, even with the respect to previous movies. The actors did good work though. But I have to say I am not looking for another sequel 10 years from now."
"878" "I had big expectations, but I was soooo desappointed. It wasn't bad... it was very bad. Bad script, bad acting, bad action.I can't believe the rate it has so far. I saw a review that says \"this is the sinking of Hollywood\". Oooo, it's trueðŸ™ˆ"
"879" "I just kept getting more and more annoyed by the terrible decisions made by the characters - I had to fast forward most of the movie just to get through it... Cudos for getting the old actors back - which is why I can elevate my rating to 3 stars. Otherwise I cannot see how it is worth more."
"880" "It was the perfect homage to the original scream and everything that makes these movies so much damn fun to watch. Filled with humor, twists, nostalgia and heartfelt moments. I can't wait to see it again and watch it with others!"
"881" "I have to geek out here , randy , kirby and mandy meeks ! God its Hard tÃ´ chorose one of them ! Screammmmmmmmmmm 4ever !!Some caracthers were online body count! They need more screen time ! Sam is at her Best! When she goes nuts she smoked The killlers psycho moments ;) i need tÃ´ rewatch again soon ;)"
"882" "This movie was amazing from top to bottom. The pop up scares are well constructed and trying to figure out who it is makes you insatiable for the big reveal.Also, Heartbreaking and ACT III Was Badass, and crazy.The whole movie was Shocks and twists. Be prepared for a hell of a good time, and dont go in with high expectations of a picture of what you imagine it to be like cause its like nobody would have guessed."
"883" "I am a fan of the Scream franchise, and reboots bore me because, as stated in this movie \"no one buys it\". I didn't know what to expect here, and like many reviewers on the site, I had low expectations. But the reviews here seemed to be very strong so I made the trek to the theater. Well, I wish I hadn't.This is not a bad movie. It look more expensive than it is; the production values are outstanding. Direction is great (big fan of Ready or Not) and the cast is better than the mostly mediocre early 2000s PG-13 horror movies that dipped heavily into CW TV pool. However with all that decency behind technical values, the movie feels like another boring, gasp, predictable horror movie and it certainly does not feel like a creative or imaginative Scream 're-quel'. Bringing the old crew so they can be cardboard cut outs of their original selves (Sidney and Gale look bored; I thought at some point Sidney was going to roll her eyes) doesn't homage make. I thought the Dewey bit was strong though.One of the other things that bothered me most was the kills. With the exception of a few, they were quick and not interesting. The fighting back we expect from clever victims were just not present.The biggest bother for me was the screenplay. While full of clever banter, it just didn't make sense most of the time. Espcially in the 3rd act - it was rushed (maybe because it made so little sense) and it approached the action as if two simultaneous battles in the last bit were not happening in the same space. I assume when killers chase someone, they can also hear other loud shenanigans happening in the same setting/space (that impact their plans).Couple of other examples of dumbassary: I don't think people without superhuman strength can lift grown man - with two knives no less- especially after you find out that they were half the size of said grown man. Oh and when I suspect a family member might be cut up by a murderer, I don't just sit and continue watching TV, especially if I am the kind of person that gives horror movie advice to others in a movie that is all about cleverness, but maybe that is just me.P. S. While competent, I didn't see as much potential in Sam character as the next Sidney (as a lot of professional critics had stated). I am not familiar with Ms Barrera's work but I felt that other actors were stronger in general. I am rooting for Ms. Ortega to have a bigger role in the sequels. Her character seemed more like a force to reckon with."
"884" "This movie is such a good return to the franchise, I never enjoyed a slasher this much and I can not wait to see the future of ghost face, this movie was really well made."
"885" "This is, in my opinion, the best Scream movie since the original. It keeps that endearing, self-aware tones that made us fall in love with the original, whilst also exploring new background based and psychological parts of the characters like never before. The balance of new and told is perfect and the movie plays it's hand on being 25 years after the original so incredibly well.However, Act 3, the reveal, so so terrible! It somehow makes it worse that the movie was pretty damn good before this abomination of a killer reveal. Half predictable and half completely nonsensical! A re-watch will make you laugh out loud when being shown what you will then know you're being asked to believe! I know it's a horror, and a light hearted franchise, but you've got to give us something! Something to make this believable and grounded. Otherwise you have a \"who done it\" horror that feels disjointed from act 1&2 to act 3!... that's exactly what you've got!Though this is probably the 2nd best Scream movie, it immediately ranks bottom of the pile for the complete and utter tragedy that is the reveal. Shame on you movie!"
"886" "Best Scream movie yet in my opinion. I absolutely loved this movie. If you're a fan of the franchise, watch this movie. You won't regret it. I've seen it 4 times in theatres and I'm not a guy who usually cares to go to the movie theatre. I only go if it's a movie I wanna see and I went 4 times for this movie so that should tell you something. Lol. All I'll say is this is an absolutely awesome movie and I highly recommend you go see it if you have the chance. I pre ordered it on iTunes and I cannot wait for it to come out on there. I'm beyond excited to see it again and I'll be going to see Scream 6 when it comes out."
"887" "It was a terrible movie without any storyline. Not recomended to anyone. Just waste of time. Very weak storyline. Very wak judgment. I wonder if the writer read the story one more time before production. Lots of bug in the storyline."
"888" "The film delivers a fact that the sequels are only for fundraising. The first and second act are still favorable, but the third act takes it upside down with the hype and disintegrates what little it had built up."
"889" "The film is quite competent in creating a suspense atmosphere, and even better in developing the mystery about who the murderer is; The death scenes are very impactful and well done, which leaves the viewer very distressed; But this film still fails in a point that bothers me since its predecessors, which are the various conveniences of scripts, and in this film in particular the killer was not at all effective in making the experience believable, making everything more difficult to digest."
"890" "THIS IS SPOLER FREE!!This movie referenced the original scram many different times. In ways that are so simple and subtle that you don't even notice. I rate it 10/10 because it does not only show the original cast but it adds new and young cast. Showing old but good material instead of the same thing form the past 4 3 movies. The actors were great, The action was amazing! I would highly recommend this. Get your popcorn and enjoy this amazing movie ðŸ–¤"
"891" "Predictable and very similar to Scream 4. Nothing new. Some OGs were back which was good. Not worth the watch if you expected a big twist or anything added to the storyline."
"892" "I have been a fan of scream since the first film so when I heard the were doing a new one I was worried and scared they would ruin it but boy was I wrong I loved that movie it really didn't disappoint everything was fantastic and they done Wes proud."
"893" "Out of all the new horror movie requels coming out, Scream (2022) is definitely the best out of all. With an interesting new cast alongside the OG big three, this movie is definitely a fun time as all horror movies should be. Jenna Ortega is a standout in this movie, probably the best performance given since the original Scream. Definitely recommend to any and all slasher fans."
"894" "I will immediately say that I was not a supporter of Frapises and did not see the past films of the series. Therefore, I have nothing to compare and maybe my opinion will not be engaged.First all super. There are new heroes, turn old. The tie is just wonderful. We were kept in tension, introduce us to the case. There are really terrible moments, sometimes intercepted breathing. All this is accompanied by a living pleasant picture and a good game of actors.And so the two thirds of the film continues. The last third almost destroys all the previous impressions. It seems that the limb was filmed or another director, or a focuspuler or mechanic. You will understand everything yourself.Yes, the limb is lubricated. But this movie can be watched. The limb could not completely disperse my pleasant impressions, so 7 will be a fair appreciation."
"895" "It was so good, so many twists and turns and amazing characters I really cared about. It was so gory too def the goryist in the franchise. My only complaint is that the ending was kinda dragged out a little bit too long."
"896" "Bad acting, bad story line and predicable. The only good thing was the killing scenes. No comedy scenes, very boring and upsetting at the same time. It had a lot potential, but when starting the movie it was clear that it wasn't going to live up it what people say it was."
"897" "I feel that the Scream series is indeed not suitable for 2022. In the information age, everyone in the online world has nothing to hide, chat records, web browsing records are not checked, they can be found out, let alone There are cameras all over the place, it's easy to find the killer, something like this was possible 2000 years ago, it's not possible now, it's not as good as a group of teenagers like Friday the 13th, Texas Chainsaw Massacre It's more realistic to go out into the country and encounter a murderer, or confront Freddy the killer of your dreams."
"898" "15min into the movie I knew who the 2 killers are. Worst of all the franchise movies. I hate this movie. The scream franchise is the worst franchise in the world."
"899" "I wasn't expecting much, I had enjoyed the first film and the second was watchable, everything after that was just awful. But this film was on par with the first. Very well made, great combination of old cast and new. Great film all round does what Scream is supposed to."
"900" "Wow, it was amazing. I loved it. It's for sure my 2nd favorite after the first. So we'll made. I loved the details added to the story. I hope there will be more scream movies after this!!! For sure going to see this movie for a second time."
"901" "Those crappy new Halloween remakes could learn a huge lesson from Scream on how to make a sequel. As an uber fan of the Scream franchise. This was a lot of fun for those of us who remember sitting through the original Scream that rebooted the slasher franchise. All the Scream movies are solid watches as well as this one. This is a well added film to the legacy of Scream. Maybe the people who did this could give us another I Know What You Did last summer because the third one of those movies was absurd trash. 90s horror lives on thanks to Scream 5."
"902" "Back in Woodsboro, a group of young people with secrets that tie them to a bloody past, will be stalked by a new Ghostface.The first installment without Wes Craven in the saga, a director who brought two horror film icons (Freddy Krueger and Ghostface), and who would surely be proud to see this intelligent sequel, which excites any Scream fan.A worthy tribute from Betinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett, directors of films like \"Ready or Not\" and \"V/H/S\", which revived the found footage genre.The beginning of the film generates enough nostalgia to catch you fully on the screen, maintaining the essence of the first, but updated with the contemporary world and its technologies.I was surprised by the cast, a very successful casting and possibly serving as a torch to a new generation of protagonists, and at least I would love to see them again versus Ghostface. The original characters include the role of David Arquette, who manages to beat his two mates, Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox, who would not be practically relevant if it weren't for the third act.Of course, itdoes not forget to parody the cinema as a whole and specifically the horror genre. It is not afraid to laugh at herself, even the title itself is a joke and you will understand it when you see the film. It criticizes in an amusing way the endless sagas, which try to reinvent themselves over and over again in incoherent stories and with a single objective, that of making money, knowing that they themselves are on their fifth installment. If Scream is characterized by something, it is by its cinephilia and its exceptional use of metacinema.Many disliked the third act. My opinion? I loved every minute of the ending, just FANtastic and with a frenzy that almost made you talk to the screen.I hope that this \"requel\" serves to capture a whole new wave of slasher fans, which is revitalized more and more thanks to the latest releases of \"Halloween Kills\", \"Child's Play\" and soon the sequel to \"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre\" thatwill be released directly on Netflix.8.4/10."
"903" "It was fun to watch and revisit all of the characters and meet the new ones. The stabs are painful...and certainly some good scares. Slightly too self aware almost breaking the 4th wall. Predictable in some areas, but good twists as well.Grab some popcorn and enjoy on Paramount+"
"904" "\"It's always someone you know\"Scream is a genre in itself. Without a doubt, over four decades it has established itself as one of the freshest franchises within the horror genre. Despite being a typical slasher movie, it just uses its typicality as an attribute and tells us everything that is going to happen before it happens, but always leaving an unexpected element to provoke a feeling of satisfaction in the viewer. As they did not tire of repeating within the film, Scream (2022) is a \"requel\" that meets each of the type's conventions. Without a doubt, the original cast was a success and has been demonstrated in all the films. Neve Campbell is THE undoubted protagonist of the entire saga and continues to be so in this latest film, and together with Courtney Cox and David Arquette they make up the trio that appeals to the nostalgia that, according to the film itself, every requel needs. However, the weak point is in the new faces, neither Jenna Ortega nor Melissa Barrera have enough charm and strength to sustain the story and I can't imagine a continuation in which they are now the protagonists. Without a doubt, the saga must end here. Special mention for the tribute to Wes Craven that is moving and quite appropriate, both within the film and in the end credits."
"905" "From beginning to the end entertaining, Wes would be proud of that re-quel.Bloody funny and the atmosphere is just amazing the whole movie.In my opinion is it the best Chapter after the originial, think it's better just because of the atmosphere and the acting.Just amazing a must watch!Definitly one of my new favourite Horror/Slashermovies."
"906" "After revisiting the 1st one by Wes Craven, I thought why not give a shot. A mistake. It doesn't even come close. Half way through I started to regret that I decided to watch this... Honestly save yourself the time. It's not worth it."
"907" "This was a 4 out of 4 star film for me, and the best since 1996. There are no bad films in the franchise for me, but this is the rare movie of any genre where I truly felt there was nothing about it I would change.I so badly want this movie to be a success since I feel Ready or Not was one of the most under appreciated films of the past decade, and I really want these directors to find more success and opportunities to make new films."
"908" "I'm a huge fan on the 1st and in my opinion this is the best sequel since. The film does Wes craven proud. This film definitely has a different tone to the other sequels and is by far more violent. To me the killers motives made sense and the story felt right after a 10 year gap between this and 4. I just hope paramount don't try and milk it further by bringing out anymore. It's meta, fun, gory and super violent! It's for wes and the fans! 9/10."
"909" "After watching the trailer I thought it was just a normal movie of a serial killer who just hunts couple of teens but after watching the movie I regret why I wasted the two hours of my life .This movie is nothing but source of confusion and frustration to the audience. Don't watch it if u haven't."
"910" "I liked this movie, scenes were intense, funny moments, awesome references from the old movies, great characters, and LOTS OF GORE........................................."
"911" "I thought it will be dark from what I saw in the poster and the trailer.The original was great it contain Horror, Thriller and its great especially the beginning.The new scream was good I mean i didn't scared and there is some stupid things in the movie like they never learned the mistakes from the past movies both hero and the killer."
"912" "It's a very cool movie. I was so looking forward to the release of this part. She's beautiful! The acting, the plot- just wow. I'm waiting for the continuation!"
"913" "Not many movies are released these days that can keep me guessing the ending, we've come a time now that everything has been done before and we have been taught to second guess ourselves and to go with gut instinct when it comes to the 'twist' or plot ending.Having said this, this movie kept me on the edge of my seat. I've not felt this engrossed in a movie and to learn what's what since I watched shutter island back in 2010. Nobody on this message board would have figured the correct killer out before it was announced.Other than the absolutely graphic and detailing scenes, the sounds they use are incredibly vivid and really set the tone for the movie. You hear each slash and stab.Overall, this was a very enjoyable and gruesome experience that, if you go in expecting this and not some AAA action blockbuster with an abundance of silly plot holes, you'll come out with a smile on your face.It has a good few emotional moments thrown in too, one kill in particular really got me good and the way it was portrayed on screen really set the bar.Don't listen for the 1 star reviews. It doesn't deserve that, it deserve much more. Some circus clowns just want to bring the rating down."
"914" "What a downgrade from the other films.Acting awful.Editing subparPresentation TV movie standardStory boringEven the established actors looked embarrassed to be appearing.Waste of money."
"915" "Not only did they call them out they did so in a non woke way.. Further more its a movie people should see multiple times. The new fit in well with the legacy characters . The story was awesome the estereggs where awesome a complete who done it."
"916" "The movie brings to our minds that old series that lived and grew up with several generations.The film presented a great tribute to the fans of this series through directing, shooting and some shots that I consider to be dedicated to us as viewers and fans of this series.The film's direction was excellent, the acting was wonderful, the music used was amazing, and even the photography and editing were amazing.And in order not to burn the rest of the things in the movie, it made me very sad, and I hope the series continues only with the same quality."
"917" "We enjoyed it! Some great kills, appearances from Sydney, Dewey and Gale. Some disappointments for sure, and I think it went a little TOO meta, but all in all I feel it's one of the best Scream sequels."
"918" "Don't understand how it has a rating of 7. The whole cinema smelled like cliche. The lines, the action everything. Watched all just to be a constant reminder of how bad it is."
"919" "I was hesitant going into this film. But it was highly original compared to the other sequels. Great cast, good kills and it kept me guessing till the end.Highly recommend."
"920" "I'm honest with my reviews and I do not look deep into movies. I simply want to go into watching a film open minded and see how it goes.This new SCREAM is fantastic. They dropped some of the comedy but kept it old school, but hot damn did the gore get turned up to a 10.. Watch it NOW!!!"
"921" "We are living the history and from Scream the name of that genre that was neither a sequel nor a prequel.Wes can be proud of this franchise, it's not a 10 because I was expecting a final twist, but the door is open for a new saga and why not a new series, which was very, very good, and we still don't know what happened to those first Two seasons beyond MTV, Netflix has a giant opportunity here!"
"922" "This new entry in the Scream series isn't a film that you have to run out and see immediately. It doesn't rewrite the rules or do anything particularly brilliant with the concept, but it's surprising that it doesn't complete suck considering Wes Craven had nothing to do with it. The filmmakers do capture a bit of Craven's style and some of the death scenes have a surprising amount of intensity."
"923" "Went into this with an open mind and found that the first half of the movie was difficult to watch. A lot of the young actors were not great and didn't really seem believable. There are lots of cringe and cheesy moments as well.The second half of the film picked up a little and it finished well.5/10."
"924" "Was pleasantly surprised at how good this was. Subtle digs at the worse horrors that rely too heavy on jump scares.Expertly done, cast was brilliant too."
"925" "Watched it today. Not bad movie. Blood and Gore.Watch Caitlyn Jenner play Courtney Cox role.Brought back some memories.Predictable plot but worth a watch."
"926" "Saw the new Scream today and loved the film!!!Love the fact the storyline went back to woodsboro and the original house where Stu lived and Billy the two original killers in the original Scream from 1996. Bringing back the original characters also. Bring on part 6. The Scream movies get better and better!"
"927" "A must-watch! This \"requel\" rides on the spectacle of Scream (1996) and Scream 2 (1997). The third act was a real Rollercoaster and kept me on edge throughout."
"928" "Watching Scream or I should say Scream 5 I felt old and a bit aggravated despite liking half of the film. The problem is that half is scattered all over. Trying to review Scream without revealing spoilers is an issue much like the film for me. A major forced plot point that will bother many, while others won't even care. Some will find it necessary to naturally somehow connect it to the original.Personally, I felt it was weak and forced and made me roll my eyes. It felt unnecessary and for some reason unrealistic, but perhaps I'm just guilty of what the film directs it's anger to: fandom. Smart on their part but regardless of how one feels, it still feels like a desperate move. I know why it was done, but it doesn't feel right. Although, again maybe I'm so stuck in my own oblivious fandom of the original that I'm guilty, so attack away.The choice of killer(s) though ruined it for me as I predicted it early. Highly unsatisfying in that regard but also it didn't work without screaming we know we're a sequel, let's just do this thing yet again. Yet again, that's likely the point. It just was a man extremely weak and predictable reveal.However, there are some things I really did like. The overdue death of one character in a truly satisfying way. A couple deaths in close proximity that actually surprised me, which is always a good thing and loads of red herrings which are always good fun. The relatives of Randy Meeks are very enjoyable to boot.In the end, a mixed bag for me and some things ruin the film as a whole with both predictability and seemingly unnecessary plot points that just rub one the wrong way. The film is a true mixed bag and uneven, but also reminds you, people are still paying attention to the genre as a whole both good and bad. For that, I do say kudos."
"929" "The film was amazing and throughly enjoyable. Had the classic feel of scream (1996) with jump scares and kills. The twist ending and the reasoning for the killers was very clever and on point. Well done for pulling out a great movie, Stella cast and shocking us with certain deaths."
"930" "The who-done-it suspense series has a great \"potentially final\" ending that Wes would have been proud of. I admit when I watched the first one, about 15 minutes in I thought 'this is a cheap copycat movie\", but kept watching until I got hooked with the unique aspect of horror movie addicts deciding to make their own story. This latest film made fun of itself with it's plot predictability, but the who-done-it was not easy to spot and in the end I was surprised when the truth was revealed. The original cast (those who lived) having roles in the film was good too.No Academy Awards will ever be won here, but if you were a fan of the original, I would bet you would be entertained by this one too."
"931" "Sam Carpenter aka (Melissa Barrera) In this movie is one of the worst performances i've ever seen from any actress in a movie period. She is horrendous, has no idea how to act, it hurts watching her in this film she is that bad. The entire movie ruined because of one person-Melissa. Tara was amazing, boycott Melissa from ever being in a movie again."
"932" "No spoilers:I just left the theatre and was very entertained. The good certainly outweighs the bad in the 5th entry. It reminded me very much of the original with the whit and humor.Wes would have been proud. It was a nice tribute to him."
"933" "I love horror movies and when I heard there was going to be another scream, i had some interest. Reboots can go either way so I didn't have high hopes. But then I saw the ratings which were surprisingly good so I went to go see it. I honestly have no idea how this could've gotten an ~80% because I was bored the whole time. It was trying to be too meta. There were some cool \"Easter eggs\" I guess you could say but everything else was pretty basic. They could've picked anyone to be ghostface and I would've had the same reaction. Lots of plot holes that I can't even quite remember because they weren't memorable. The motive for ghostface is the dumbest reasoning I've ever heard of. Not a total waste of time but I found myself sitting there with a straight face the entire time. I'm the biggest scaredy cat when it comes to scary movies but I didn't flinch during the kills."
"934" "Nothing but a girl crying, stolen scenes from the original and turn around jump skates. There was a dozen times where someone turned around and someone is standing there and someone says there everytime. Never seen anything like it, I thought it was a joke at first."
"935" "This movie was missing iconic Scream score and sound effects you would hear in Scream 1-4. They played a snippet of scream music when the guy hears his radio in the car. Also the casting was....underwhelming. A bunch of Gen z looking teens with pink hair and natural blonde highlights (Dylan Minnette) Some of the kills were very boring, i don't recall one long chase scene, no pretty girl bimbos being chased at all, SMH. The killers were underwhelming. There was a kill during the daytime... that was a major fail. One killer had very little character development, so when they revealed themself i was like \"oh....ok...i guess\". I hated the trailer trash parts. Kyle Gallner being a 35 year old trailer trash creep hitting on teenage girls and driving muscle cars...was super out of place for a scream movie. Dewey living in a trailer park....was super out of place for a scream movie.The sam girl and her boyfriend working a minimum wage job at a bowling alley... and the teens playing pool at a bar....was super out of place for a scream movie. Scream franchise has polished characters, who live in suburbs, and do suburb bubble things.Also the first 40 mins felt rushed, and there was WAY TOO MUCH conversation placing suspicion on who the killer could be. Its almost like the characters were watching themselves in the movie and talking about the movie.Good things i liked in the movie: There were new types of kills we hadn't seen done in scream1-4. (Even though there were NO chase scenes. SMH). And i liked the last 30 mins. It was a good and eventful ending."
"936" "RIP Wes Craven. I feel you would be proud of this installment of the franchise. Lots of good nostalgia and I felt like I was watching a 90's horror movie again."
"937" "Why in the world are those movies so boring and non-sense. It made me aggressive and freakin' stressed while I was watching. I quit it after 30 minutes. Wasted my precious Time for this sh**. This is why I normally never watched those overrated and stupid movie's and now I will NEVER even try again. Such a waste of Money!!!!!"
"938" "Each Scream dealt with a nod to the genre, Scary Movies/Sequels/Trilogies/Reboot and now Requel that focuses on making sure source material is fresh and bloody.The characters all follow the tropes and the idea is to pass the torch to a different generation thus Sydney/Gail/Dewey do not gain much screen time.The final third act akin to the original scream is AMAZING. The way the new protagonist subdues and kills Ghostface is even bloodier than the OKAY ghostface kills. I'm curious to see what they will do with the sequel to the requel."
"939" "Just finished watching this at the big screen and did not fail to disappoint especially if your a big fan of the originals and the OG cast you'll love it, Ghostface comes out brutal in this one and more evil and gruesome than ever and some big twists with the plot! Can't wait to watch this one again."
"940" "To pin a quote, this is an awesome \"Re-quel\" that does not hold back at all. A great mix of newbies and legacies and not a damn one of them is safe! The same woke slasher vibe is carried over from its predecessors and is somehow made better. The slasher action, the nostalgia, the jumps, the laughs, the feels... it's all there."
"941" "This movie does what every other Scream movie has done from the start and used the horror/slasher tropes to drive the movie along.Same jokes, same character breaking down the \"Rules of surviving Stab!\" It's just Scream again but it rips itself apart the whole way through.There's nothing new. It was pretty predictable imo.Sydney and Gail calmly walking into a bloodbath asking \"do you want to take this one?\"\"Nah I did it last time, you can\"It just rips on itself, ripping on itself!!Even I'm confused by what's going on.The movie \"stab\" plays as the different actor's act out the exact scenes from Scream 4 or 3 or 2, or Scream (original)It's entertaining enough. But if you're old enough to have seen Scream, then you'll probably find this movie just predictable and also a bit weird seeing all the aged actors back on screen.The same as they're doing with most movies. Rebooting (kickstarting) something full of member berries.Requel they've decided to call it.Call it what you want. We all know what it is! Cash-grab!"
"942" "This movie has the freshness that the characters show experience from having watched horror movies, unlike many other movies of this genre where the characters just seem to have never watched one horror movie and are therefore less convincing. It feels like a round of among us, an interesting game.Making characters more experienced and more difficult to be victims is a good direction for this genre for there is more room to grow. I look forward to seeing more.Here is the reasons it is not rated 10.First, it is, after all, yet another horror movie within the limits of, or for the sake of, killing and being killed.Second, it is a miss that the characters are not using the experience well, which would make the game more challenging and entertaining. I guess it is like for a sports game to be appealing, the players on both teams should be strong.Last, I will just suggest that randomization in roles (killer, killed) makes most unpredictable results."
"943" "I liked some of the kills and the twist of someone special getting killed off but the killers and the reasons were just stupid. Also the main characters connection to someone from the first film didn't fit well with me. I think it could have been done better."
"944" "Okay so from the start there's a old-school feel even though with fresh cast and im.gonna tell you this feeling only got more present as the movie went on this is a movie I thought from start to finish this was a classic not a old and dusty classic but a highly enjoyable experience so so much fun."
"945" "Best Scream movie. Bloody and gory at times! It is a lil scary at some points but it was really well made and the acting is perfect. I hope that there will be a sixth movie in the franchise. CGI/VFX is at a really good and well made level."
"946" "Ma pis pe filmu vostru da mi ba banii inapoi 25 de leI PAI UNDE SUNTEM AICI CULCAAAT!!!!! Wisjhwwhhwhr Jr. Isjejehehehrhhejejejejejejeje. Bdbsbsbnsbdnsmqkejjendndjfucucuduehhehdhdjsjejehehsjieiwkwkjebdbskwkkwkwkwjenhwjwjwjwjwjwjwjwjwjejejje."
"947" "Wow just wow! If I could have given a big fat zero that's what this pile of garbage would have received! I was a huge fan of the first, and second movies, back in the 90s but ever since they've constantly been trying to regurgitate the same old same old and it NEVER works!Incredibly predictable with the some of the most wooden acting I've ever seen, Wes Craven will be turning in his grave! An absolute car crash of a movie!!!"
"948" "After almost 11 years, the long-awaited sequel to the 'Scream' franchise has been released. And if most franchises by this time have long been rolling into the garbage conveyor, then the Scream, on the contrary, tends to the level of the masterpiece of the first part. After a decent 'Scream 2' and a fairly average 'Scream 3', Wes Craven released an excellent 'Scream 4' proving that the franchise is alive.And now comes the fifth 'Scream', but without Wes Craven, who died in 2015. However, this does not prevent us from preserving the atmosphere and spirit of the franchise.As in previous films, the main feature is the masked killer, whose identity must be revealed. What the film does well. It is not completely clear who exactly is the killer. It is also worth noting the motivation of the killer, which in its idea departs from the previous ones.The plot revolves around a new group of friends and does not focus only on old heroes. New and old heroes are perfectly combined with each other, bringing freshness to the project and paying tribute to the old people.There are references to past parts in the film, so it's worth watching at least the first part before watching.The new \"Scream\" does not hesitate to ridicule modern cinema. This is no longer just a parody of slashers. Horror, Star Wars, sequels, remakes, restarts - all this will be ridiculed in the film.Cruelty has also reached a new level. If there were very few violent scenes in the previous parts, that only a couple of shots with guts flash in my memory, then here these scenes are at every step. Starting from a broken limb, ending with a massacre.Despite all the advantages, the film does not bring much new to the franchise, which is why it cannot surpass the first part, which is still the best. But this does not prevent it from being a great sequel with a good plot within its concept."
"949" "The new Scream takes the ultimately easy and safe route and delivers another entry in the Scream franchise that is exactly what you would expect.Checking every box of what one would expect from a Scream film, from meta awareness in the modern horror age, to recreating the basic structure of each film - there are (almost) no big surprises. But while the film plays it safe, it does so in a very entertaining and competent way."
"950" "It was a interesting movie. Never be like the originals. But they are never going to be the same because it's a new year etc. It's interesting movie it was good. Would I watch a again probably not."
"951" "To begin with, I like the \"Scream\" franchise created by Wes Craven, especially the trilogy, the fourth part did not become my favorite for me personally, although in general it was not so bad. I especially remember my impressions when I first watched the parts of \"Scream\" because it was interesting who the killer was under the mask, it was very tense, difficult to predict, there was a real suspense.When it became known that there would be a new part of the \"Scream\" already without its creator Wes Craven, what to hide, I had fears that the franchise could slide to the bottom, from recent examples, the new \"Matrix\" (although it was sad that the creator of the original destroyed the legacy of the trilogy), so I went to the cinema for the new \"Scream\" without much expectation, so as not to be disappointed. And after watching this movie, I can say that the movie succeeded."
"952" "Decent requel, but performances from Jenna Ortega and Melissa Barrera were atrocious. Distractingly bad.The opening scene was unbearable due to Ortega's overacting. The noises she was making were so cringe.Barrera didn't deserve the main character role with such a big movie return. Poor, poor acting.All the original cast were great. Jack Quaid is good. I just can't get over how bad the two main characters were."
"953" "I'm half way through and I'm praying for an aneurism. Literally begging the gods for one as this is the biggest pile of absolute tripe I have ever seen. I can't even state a single positive. I was like 7.0 on imdb, this has to be good.My god. I have lost all faith in humanity. The script? Awful. Acting? Dreadful. Everything about his movie? Abysmal. Struggling to get past half way and I've never felt compelled to review half way through a movie before, yet here we are."
"954" "A real tribute to entire franchise, the new cast is very good, the old characters are amazing, the deaths are bloodier. Also, as the people are saying, there are a lot of easter-eggs related to the franchise. I'm only got disappointed when the real reason for the killer was revealed, because, looking back to the other movies, the reasons for the killers (or only killer) were more deepier."
"955" "As a die hard fan of these movies, along with Wes Cravens entire filmography, I have to say this movie was a really good entry in the franchise. From the meta, self awareness, to the easter eggs that only fans of the franchise would catch. Scream 2022 is an above average, elevated slasher that stays true to it's roots, and almost brings an entirely new energy to the franchise.The new ensemble cast is among the best we've seen so far, Jasmin Savoy Brown and Jenna Ortega being the stand out performances (for me, at least) the kill sequences were QUITE gruesome, all of them being on screen and extremely bloody. The most violent movie since '96.The third act was absolutely BONKERS. And I really enjoyed the killer reveal (despite how obvious it becomes throughout) and it's extremely violent and fast paced.The legacy characters play their parts VERY WELL, despite what you may have heard. Seeing Sidney and Gale in action again was amazing.I'll end it here, worth the visit to your local theatre, also worth the wait for streaming. Check it out."
"956" "This movie really personified everything that makes a good cult-classic, jump scare film. So well done, from casting to keeping Ghostface's disguise classic. Lives up to all the hype!"
"957" "**No Spoilers!**As a huge fan of the franchise, I was eagerly awaiting the release of Scream. I love the idea that is presented in the movie, but the execution misses the mark and I think that the movie fails on several points.1. There is an abundance of new characters and the film fails to develop them enough to make us care about them before they are killed. This character is killed? Oh well...2. The film does a poor job of utilizing the legacy characters, save one, Dewey. I wish there could have been a way to include Sydney and Gail more.3. There is a significant lack of phone calls with Ghostface taunting victims as in previous films. Everyone who loves the scream films, LOVES the voice and thinking back, there were so few uses of it in the film. Disappointing.4. The reveal felt REALLY rushed and to me, seems to come out of nowhere. Again, lack of character development made it difficult to accept.This felt REALLY different than the other Scream movies. I don't know if that was the point with this being a \"Requeal,\" (BTW, I think this is a stupid term, and they did a bad job of defining/legitimizing it in the movie) or because this was not directed by Wes. It didn't feel like a Scream movie.Lastly, as an older guy, I have been watching the scream film from day one. I love them and I have watched them all many times. Sitting in the theater last night, I heard a group of teens behind me ask, \" Do I have to have seen any of the other movies for this one to make sense?\" Wow. They had never seen any of the previous films.And returning to my first point about where the film fails to development of new characters; other than Dylan Minnette, I had no idea who any of these young actors were. That made it even harder for me to care about them. When I watched the original Scream back in 1996, I knew who Drew Barrymore was, playing Casey Becker, and that made me care more about her character. I don't care about any of these new characters, and actually really dislike Amber, played by Mikey Madison. Her character is paperthin, and poorly acted.If you are a Scream fan, you need to see this movie, because it is now part of the franchise, but temper your expectations on quality.If you've never seen any of the Scream movies, you need to watch this movie, because it does actually have the spirit of the franchise, then go back and watch the originals.I will watch it again, and hopefully it grows on me, but at this point, all I can give it is a 5 out of 10."
"958" "This new Scream is one of the best in the series. Violent, funny and full of easter eggs. Matt and Tyler really love the franchise. For a five instalment thi movies is a 10/10."
"959" "Went to the cinema to see this movie. It turned out to be a great continuation of the sequel. As in previous films, the main feature is the masked killer, whose identity must be revealed. What the movie does well. It is not entirely clear who exactly is the killer. It is also worth noting the killer's motivation, which in its idea departs from the previous ones. But the big minus I will highlight is that there is nothing new in the film and he could not surpass the first part, because all the rest are just a continuation. What can I say, we are waiting for a \"very scary movie\" based on this film."
"960" "My hopes for sequels of the classics are at an all time low. There was some corny 2022 meta-esque jokes but otherwise this is quite good. I would put it number 3 in my scream tier-list behind both 1 and 2. Theres a ton of nostalgia bait here and I enjoyed it. It captured a lot of what made the originals good without getting too lost. It provides some closure to fan favorites and ultimately was worth the money to see in theaters."
"961" "Literally Hollywood is running out of ideas, 9/10 I do not like any remakes and if it comes to horror I'm even pickier some how... I watch too many movies. I was so happy about this remake it was great, the acting wasn't bland, I literally watched it twice in a row I was so pleased. Thank you the cast and producers and thank you to the amazing directors you guys did great. I honestly will watch anything you guys put out next."
"962" "I feel people need to stop rating scream films as if they are trying to be on the list of the best films ever because that's not what tries to do all they are is fun cheesy b movies with some mystery tones and comedy is it perfect? Hell no but the thing is it clearly is trying to be a fun movie not pulp fiction or vertigo or other films the point of scream is that it's just to have fun not take it seriously."
"963" "Scream 2022 is full on nostalgia with a fresh twist.Let's be honest, they will never make one better than the original, but this doesn't seem like they were trying to out do the original just complement it- and this does just that. Staying true to the original while adding a new take seems to be something that Hollywood often has a hard time doing but the writers, director and cast of Scream have managed to do it and do it well. You can pick it apart and find things to complain about(as with any movie)but if your a Scream fan this one will satisfy. Fun, witty, bloody, and smart- Wes would be proud."
"964" "Scream manages to return to this new decade while maintaining the standard of quality that the franchise has always had. Unlike other slashers who managed to saturate themselves by releasing several sequels that don't fall in the public's liking.The film returns with a new charismatic cast and old faces already known and that are somehow intertwined in this new ghostface slaughter. The narrative also returns with metalanguage and this time with more brutal scenes. Bringing moments of tension and fun to the viewer, the film delivers everything it set out to do, the third act is fascinating and delivers great scenes from the new protagonists.The only negative criticism of the film is that it lacked breathtaking chase scenes, however it is worth going to the cinema, the story is so well constructed that it ends up making the film go by fast.Taking these aspects into account, the new directors knew how to reintroduce scream satisfyingly, presenting a continuation for a new generation with a script that stays true to the original beginning of the franchise. In addition, they also give us references from the beginning of this universe, and present easter eggs about characters we love and disappear in the franchise, Wes Craven would be proud of this work that honors his legacy ."
"965" "The authors of \"Scream\" constantly stress how important the connection with the past is for the franchise. The killers are connected with previous films, all potential victims have a direct or indirect relationship to the old heroes. For example, Dylan Minette plays the son of Judy Hicks, the heroine of \"Scream 4\". They even joke in the film: the killer doesn't need you, because no one is interested in the characters of unsuccessful sequels!The personal line of one of the main characters, Sam, is also based on the legacy of the franchise. But it almost does not affect the plot of the film. Scenes with her unusual visions are rather annoying and knock out of the narrative."
"966" "This recent Scream fits in with the others in the series. The film does mention many horror movies in film history. So obviously the writer and director are familiar with the horror genre.The film is gory. And so are all the Screams. It is only fair. I saw it in theater but direct to video is really all it needs."
"967" "I watched this today and assumed it was going to be lame. I went and saw the original with friends in the theater and it was amazing. This plot was great. Acting impeccable. Yeah you can figure out who the killers are but there were a few great unexpected moments and I absolutely loved this movie. I'm just rambling now but this movie woke me up."
"968" "Some good nostalgia, I'm a huge fan of the originals so obviously enjoyed this....biggest let down was the killers themselves....so so basic and annoying. Besides that, good fun."
"969" "I was really expecting a much worse sequel, just as it was the third one, in my opinion. However, the film wasn't boring and gripped me until the end and I love how the film plays with your mind while you try to figure out who the killer is. Also I think the character of Sam Carpenter is brilliant. I believe she must be in a future sequel."
"970" "Watched it tonight and had a blast from beginning to end. The pacing was really fast and good, you don't get annoyed. The final act was for me the best from the entire franchise. That's all I will say as I don't want to get into the details and spoil anything."
"971" "Let me start by saying the stab scenes in this entry were some of the most realistic I've seen out of all the slashers I've viewed. This installment satisfies the gore lovers to the fullest! The first two acts of the film are far superior to the final act of the movie. David Arquette proved again his acting chops are far above and beyond anyone ever casted in the Scream series. His portrayal of a washed up sheriff was spot on. Nev and Courtney seemed a bit disengaged but still gave decent enough performances. The humor that is often squeezed in nice and tight throughout previous installments was well implemented.Where this movie struggled without Wes at the helm was the reveal of the killer. It felt forced and left alot to be desired.Outside of the final act I would say Wes Craven would have been proud of this entry.This to me is the 3rd best scream behind the original and part 2. If you want a fun slasher with lots of gore this movie won't disappoint."
"972" "I thought the new Scream was a solid addition to the lineup, however I did have some problems. There were some flaws in character development and the explaining of Requels made me almost throw up. Otherwise, it's good."
"973" "I am an obsessive fan of the Scream franchise.Seen all movies so many times, I lost count at 10 times each.This movie is FAN-tsatic.As the directors said, this is a true love letter to fans and to Wes Craven.It's truly been an HONOR watching this movie.Brian Tyler did an amazing job on composing the soundtrack for this one. He followed the great job Marco did the last 4 movies.The plot evolves in a good tempo.I was lacking some emotional connection to some characters at some emotional scenes I feel I should have been more emotional by them.The comedy was on point. Not too much, but just the right amount .Great actors.So many references for the last 4 movies. Really loved catching on them.For me, personalluly, I knew exactly what the motive will be in this one, but it's a shocker to the usual viewer.Act 3 went really well.I just loved it. If ur a true Scream fan, I think u will love it too."
"974" "This weekend I've watched two sequels: Texas Chainsaw and Scream, an abyss divides then.Texas brings back an old character to die in the dumbest way possible Scream makes an awesome work bringing old characters back, with good acting, emotional and well placed stories, and smart decision making The old school returns in great style and makes the movie pleasant to see, with the perfect balance from the first movie of gore and comedy in the scenes And a good amount of jumpscares, my favorite ones."
"975" "Let me just say I'm hard to impress with thrillers and this is by far the best one in a LONG TIME! It is realistic, and unpredictable! Worth the watch!"
"976" "Okay so I saw this movie tonight with my sister and I gotta say as soon as I walked into the theater I felt confident as the snack bar runner was talking about how good this was but then as soon as the movie began almost right away I got it this was the Best film I've seen this year so far even though it's Just February it's amazing scary funny action packed and fast paced I highly recommend it."
"977" "This is just awful. Horrible acting (no surprise there with David Arquette). I couldn't watch the whole film. I would highly recommend giving this a miss."
"978" "This movie is way too predictable, all the kills showed no originality in their execution. Just a bunch of knife stabbing, at least Halloween Kills had some inventive kills. I like the 4th one better more variety and atmosphere than this one. At times tries to be too smart for its own good."
"979" "Not bad, I enjoyed it. I figured out who was the killer halfway through the movie. Hopefully this is the last movie of the franchise because they are running out of plots."
"980" "The opening scene was okay, then it went downhill quickly. The last 20 minutes are absolutely terrible, atrocious writing. It felt like someone incapable of speaking coherently trying to explain the ending of the original to you.And then they topped it off with a completely unnecessary Once upon a time in Hollywood rip off. Did Tarantino get some writing credits?But look, that is what typically happens to horror franchises after number 3 or 4. Not sure how I thought this one was going to be different, I should have known better.In summary: a horror franchise still can't age gracefully - much like the leads in this flick.\"You are not fooling anybody, sweetheart!\""
"981" "I was expecting something as good as the first but unfortunately it didn't keep up with all the hype around this movie. Weak storyline, weak acting, weak directing. It was just as bad as every other sequel after the first."
"982" "I personally enjoyed this movie. The writing fits well with the scream classic and there are great lines that you just can't help but think about after the end credits roll. There is a heartbreaking moment halfway through that I wasn't expecting and wish that it would have been better justified with a better ghostface. It was very enjoyable and I had a great time watching, granted ghostface was kinda predictable, it wasn't a \"Jill Roberts\" twist it was more of a \"Billy Lumis\" reveal, you pretty much knew who it was. However the second ghostface was a little of guard for me considering everything else happening. Great movie my favorite since the original."
"983" "My expectations prior seeing this movie were quite high due 7.4 imdb grade but unfortunately I left the cinema very disappointed. The beginning was quite promising but the movie sadly turned out to be just another Hollywood piece without emotions, full of stupid dialogues and poor acting. What a shame."
"984" "A refreshing return to the original roots of the saga, with a new and interesting story and leaving more weight in the new characters, without forgetting what was seen in the previous films. Brutal scenes and very good use of classic characters. A film made for the new generation without forgetting the universe to which it belongs and a well-justified plot."
"985" "Actually the dvd cost only seven pounds. Whatever that is in dollars. A lot probably. To sell the dvd at that price when it's on the latest release section made me wonder.The film has good parts, but just like the others in the franchise with over the top scenes, unfunny dialogue, cheesy acting and jump scare shots, I wasn't so thrilled to see this one.My partner worked out who the killer was immediately, I worked out the second one. Somewhat vulnerable caring characters could always be suspects just like the old sheriff sort of said. This to me comes down to predictability.So many times when the usual intense background music kicked in, one of the characters on the list of 'to slash' opens a door and holds the door open for a few moments then nothing happens. We expect the slasher to have used that as an opportunity. Alternatively we have other typical horror movie tactics. I'm just not into them as they've been used relentlessly. There was an occasion where I think Google maps was used to show the killer in close proximity even that was slightly messy.So throw in some cheesy acting, teens with attitudes, lack of police presence, how could they make this better with minimal effort? By throwing in the senior actors from the past movies in the franchise. Queue Monica Gellar's incorrectly set Botox, throw in Sid who looked gorgeous I have to add, a silly character in Courtney's ex husband who she met on the set, and the former slasher himself into the mix. Hey presto a good watch? No. The teens are still talking. This won't be good."
"986" "Self referentially clever in parts but waaay too slow in the first half. It's hard to wring anything new out of such a tread worn franchise and this just isn't clever enough."
"987" "As a horror fan, I was very pleased with the blood and gore. There was not much time in between kills (graphic and in your face) and this kept the movie going at a really good pace.Old and new characters are meshed together quite well.There was a unique reason to why the killings started again and enjoyed it thoroughly.Overall, it was paced well (for a near 2 hour movie), nostalgic (for OGs) and up to date (for Gen Z). If this is the last Scream, then it went out on a positive note.It is certainly not suitable for kids because of the extreme violence, but for young adult and above horror fans will definitely eat it up."
"988" "Scream has it all! I was a big fan of the franchise although I felt a lot of moments were corny over scary. Scream 4 was a step up from the first 3 films but Scream 5 was top notch! It was definitely my favorite film of the franchise. 10/10 would recommend! It's got more of a horror film feel than the others and brings loads of gore!"
"989" "It's quite possible that this is the worse film ever made. It gets three stars because it made a lot of fun of itself...which was the only redeeming feature."
"990" "Compare with the original. It's kinda boring and the killer is easy to predict. Also the main protagonist (Sam) is too weak to deal with Ghostface. Imagine if there are no Gale and Sidney in this movie?? Cmoon y'all need to find the new Sidney!!"
"991" "This movie is made eleven years after the fourth one, which you will notice very quickly. The camera work and production are so much better in this movie. I feel like the first half of the movie is pretty boring, it's not bad but the things that happen aren't too exciting. The great starts when Sydney comes to town, she made the movie lift. I feel that this movie isn't as predictable as the movies before and I got shocked several times. The ending in this movie is so good, it gives you that exciting feeling that the other movies haven't given you. Scream 5 fits the franchise very well and I'm very excited about the next movie. Overall I did like the movie very much, but it's only because of the second half because the first half was a little boring. The ending was the best ending the movie could have gotten!"
"992" "In the movie they talk about the latest Stab movie telling it was unlike any other stab movie and stab fans weren't saitisfied at all.Take this as a WARNING since it describes SCREAM 2022.I liked that the original cast appeared and even Heather Matarazzo is to be seen for a few seconds. But c'mon... Did someone really get up in the morning feeling the urgent need of making another scream movie? How comes?When I saw Skeet Ulrich in the cast list I was wondering how they'd bring back a dead character. You don't want to know...The movie had an average start and went to boring. Which character the killer is was quite obvious and the movie had no surprises at all.Scream is dead."
"993" "I think the movie had similar issues as other sequels or requels (for example Halloween kills).It is just to depending on the \"old glory\" of the scream movies and forgets to create something on its own.I was disappointed - unfortunately nothing new."
"994" "Loved Scream but this genuinely is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.Actually gave me a good laugh the last 30 minutes of the movie it was that bad.The movie is dedicated to Wes Craven at the end They really shouldn't have bothered and left well alone. Wes would be absolutely mortified!Can only suggest you watch the movie for laughs if your feeling a little depressed. Certainly gave me a few."
"995" "Look, it was fine. As a Scream elder, I loved seeing the legend characters return. The new characters were whole enough. It was enjoyable. BUT, despite that they described the unique Scream sub-genre perfectly in-film (\"meta slasher who-dunn-it\") they didn't deliver on all counts. They get a big tick for the meta (some great updated horror references as well as hark-backs for any horror fan), plenty of slashing, but where it fell flat (or missed the point - get it??) was the mystery element. No layering of clues and gradual uncovering of leads. No carefully construed red herrings. No significant suspects for the audience to ponder over. They forgot one of their core elements, and as a result the reveal felt rushed, a bit cheap, and uninteresting compared to the originals. It was a hoot, but it wasn't a Scream. It was a considered enough reboot in many ways and I'm not bitter, but I wanted more."
"996" "To fix the quote, this is a great \"Raquel\" that is completely not restrained. A great mix of beginners and legacy, and neither of them is safe! The same atmosphere of the waking slasher is transferred from its predecessors and somehow improved. Slasher, nostalgia, jumping, laughter, feelings... it's all there."
"997" "Constant self-referencing and acknowledgement of the story as a film, throwbacks to the original and lack of novel source material. It's completely meta. If you like that kind of thing then that's fine but if you want immersion in a good story then you'll be disappointed."
"998" "Scream has always been self aware, maybe even a little too much at times. But, that's part of the fun! I didn't quite know what to expect with new directors taking over but I was pleasantly surprised! I know some have complained about the closeups but that didn't bother me. I feel like the directors did a great job honoring Wes Craven while also making it their own. The title doesn't bother me...it's just a trend of the times and I felt even better about it with the \"Requel\" monologue from our new 'Randy' character. This was a lot of fun and I actually liked some of our new characters even though I didn't think I would. I do think Tara would have made the better main character. I don't know if it's the acting or character relatability but Sam's character wasn't my fave. Also, my least favorite thing about this installment is the internal \"haunting\" our main character goes through. Seemed like a cheap way to include an original cast member they couldn't really bring back. For some reason it just took me out of the tension. Other than that, this was a solid entry. I much enjoyed the motives of the killer or killers to the motives in scream 4. It flowed with the theme of the movie. The kills were much gorier to me this time and the losses were high. Made the stakes high again and that's something I really appreciated. Would have appreciated an end credits scene setting up the next installment. It's something they haven't done before and would have solidified a new direction. Maybe possibly eluding to someone else's involvement that wasn't revealed in the finale? That would make another installment less like, \"here we go again...\" and more like \"okay, we have unfinished business.\" Oh well, let's see what happens."
"999" "What happened to Liv Mckenzie? She seemed to disappear, was she killed or did she survive? Did I blink and missed it?Overall, it's a good movie and had me screaming many times. I was at the edge of my seat and biting my fingernail the whole time."
"1000" "It was good but wasn't what it was hyped up to be... simply just enjoyable not mindblowing.. I did like how they threw the connection with new characters and legacy characters that was a nice little twist... I would like to see another edition to see how it plays out with the new survivors."
"1001" "Great movie, interesting sequel. But the previous parts of the film were better than this one.Before watching a new movie, I reviewed all the previous ones. To remember what happened before and remind yourself what this film is like. I advise you to watch at least the first part before watching this film, or better, review everything at all, otherwise, you may not understand many things.Good cast, bright, memorable characters.A captivating storyline that keeps you hooked from beginning to end. Lots of references to previous episodes. I especially liked the end of the movie."
"1002" "Wes Craven would have been proud. As a fan of Scream, they did part 5 justice! Great acting and story plot. Killings seemed more real and action packed. Definitely loved seeing tribute to former characters and seeing the new generation."
"1003" "This is the first review I have ever made on this site because I have a great love for the Scream series. This movie has many elements and homages to the original work of Wes while giving its own twists.The Ghostface killer this time around is in my opinion more clever and savage in the kills. As far as the rest of the cast goes you have the original three of course(Sid, Dewey, and Gale) with the addition of new younger characters who are essentially picking up the torch for the series. I feel the majority did an OK job but fell kind of flat. The only characters I really felt got my attention were Sam, Tara, Richie, and Mindi.As for the throwbacks, I enjoyed the reference to the stab movies and the classic \"shoot them in the head!\" bit. The only thing I felt disappointed by was the final act. For me, the reveal was weak and the motive completely idiotic. It was a dumb reason to want to commit mass murder but it is what it is. They seemed to want to take as much elements of the ending of Scream 1 and stuff it in the end. Which I appreciate the effort but the ending as a whole was considerably weak compared to the rest of the film.Overall, I greatly enjoyed every second of the movie and am proud that it is part of Wes Craven's work. I just wish they had done something different with that final act."
"1004" "Wes Craven has the talent to scare your pants off and proves it with this well done blood letting. The script is refreshing and the story moves along at a pace that keeps you jumping.The cast is very energetic and interesting. Featured in this crisp chilling tale are Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox, Skeet Ulrich, Drew Barrymore and David Arquette. Give a big round of applause to Roger L. Jackson, the eerie voice on the phone.This one is a supreme nail bitter."
"1005" "Was really excited for this and appreciated all the little details relating to the original scream Loved the almost tongue in cheek quirks and atmospheric build ups .Sadly disappointed by the ending but a must watch for those true scream fans ."
"1006" "As a long time fan I enjoyed the movie. Wasn't better then the first one but still very much enjoyable. Would recommend to any long time fan, or anyone that wants give the movies a try."
"1007" "Typical Scream formula. Predictable story, however like the previous movies before, it's a good popcorn companion. Bit of a shock when a legacy character bites it, nicely filmed & some good scares, but I wanted a bit more than this, like some originality."
"1008" "Lets be honest. Slasher movies are never really top rated masterpieces but we love them for what they are.I was always a big fan of Scream movies and slasher movies in general . So to keep it short. If you like thrilling moments , suspense and a really good mystery of who done it ( even if it is sometimes not 100% logical ) this is the movie for you.As a fan of previous Scream movies this one did not dissapoint. I loved the story and gruesome scenes are done extremely well.Don't miss this one."
"1009" "This movie was probably made because some people wanted work. They had all the resources to make a movie except an idea.This movie is just another chapter of the book named - Desperate & Failed attempt of Rebooting.No Spoilers. It's spoiled by the maker itself."
"1010" "Scream (2022) is the fifth film in the Scream franchise created by the great Wes Craven. In fact, \"Scream\" was the second time in Wes' career that he rebooted slashers. I can probably call myself a fan of the Scream franchise, because I saw all the previous films and I didn't like only the third one, and also watched the series of the same name (although I had enough for one season - the second was too vanilla). And now, almost 10 years after the death of the great master of horror, they decided to return one of his most popular brainchildren to the screens (we will omit the misunderstanding series of 2019). The duet of Matthew Bettinelli and Tyler Gillett was put on the post of directors, who in the same 2019 produced a pretty good horror movie \"I'm going to look.\" In general, there were no cosmic expectations from the film, but the directors also inspired hope, and critics praised the film for a break without mentioning lesbians and fashion trends in their reviews (although there is a little of this in Scream). So I went to the cinema on the opening day and saw what a modern Scream should be like.You already know the plot of the plot: a girl arriving alone begins to be terrorized by a maniac on the phone, forcing her to play a game. Next is the attack. But it ends not as trivially as you might think: the maniac leaves the girl alive and the one with severe injuries is sent to the hospital. Because of this, many years later, her sister, Samantha Carper, returns to her native Woodsboro, and it is because of her secret that new bloody events will unfold in the never (or never) quiet city ...The plot in the new \"Scream\" is quite good. There is intrigue about the identity of the killer, but it is precisely the frame of the plot that this film is very similar to the first part. But to everyone else - to its \"pumped\" version. First, the characters. They are really great and there are quite a few of them. And the coolest thing is that you really don't give a damn about their deaths. But here the merit is more likely of the one who is hiding under the ghost's hoodie: the Scream franchise has never seen such a frankly ruthless killer, although it would seem. The murders make the ghost face so cruel and vile: the masked villain does not shun anything to lure the victim into his paws, and you definitely won't forget some murders for a long time, as they make you wonder at the cruelty and uncompromisingness of the creators. Secondly, the banter over the horror genre was taken to a new level. Here and banter over abstruse horror films like \"Reincarnation\" and especially hated or loved by the authors \"The Babadook\". The explanations of the rules of the sequel have also become much deeper and funnier due to the frequent modern reboots of anything.The actors didn't disappoint either. The main character played by Melissa Barrera looks quite good. Other newcomers worth noting are Jack Quaid (yes, that one from The Boys) as second fiddle, the slightly demonic Mickey Madison, the funny and goofy Mason Gooding, the local rules expert Jasmine Savoy Brown, and more or less known from most of the other newcomers to the franchise. \"Scream\" by Dylan Minnette. The franchise's veterans are represented by David Arquette, Neve Campbell and Courteney Cox. Something new was added only to the character of David Arquette - Dewey. The old heroines did not undergo any special changes and, unlike Dewey, they did not receive memorable scenes. But it was nice to see the old heroes, of course.In terms of visuals, music and murders - the film is top notch. The soundtrack is typical of the genre, but quite enjoyable as there is variety. The film was shot pretty well - the effect of the rotating camera looked gorgeous. I wrote about the murders above - they are really the most violent, cruel and bloody in the Scream franchise, plus some are not without drama.In total, most likely the best horror of 2022 came out (a new Kronerberg film in another league). Bloody, furious, dramatic, but not without great humor. A really cool (hopefully) ending to the Scream franchise. If only all the continuations of old films were like this, dreams, dreams ..."
"1011" "I fell in love with Scream the very first time I watched it on the big screen in the 90s. Let me tell you: this is a great successor that transfers the franchise in modern times without neglecting its past. It's scary, bloody, funny - and way better than Scream 3 and 4!"
"1012" "I thoroughly enjoyed this installment. The references to past films was on point. Plenty of brutal and bloody kills. Shocking twists and funny lines throughout. If you are an old fan of scream, or someone recently introduced to the franchise, you will enjoy this movie. The new cast and original characters really tie this movie as one of the best in the series. Highly recommend."
"1013" "This reboot of the scream franchise in my opinion was better than average, a good movie but not great. Some scenes and buildups where very predictable.The starting scene provided a good start to the movie. I feel at points throughout the movie between kill scenes the movie fell flat on ideas and screen dialogue.The new young cast provided an acceptable acting response to fill some very big shoes of 'the scream franchise'. I feel that the OG three had a lack of screen time and where there just to fill in any gaps.Ghost face motive in this movie I feel was 'silly' in the sense that ghost face was killing to recreate the 'original and initial act'. The final act provided good buildup and acting on points. The writers and producers could of done a better job regarding the motive for ghostface killing.I hope if they do decide to move forward with another movie in the franchise that we get some new plot twists that also incorporate characters from the previous movies."
"1014" "Having not being born when the first two Scream films came out, this was my first time watching a Scream film in the cinema - and it was everything I could've hoped for.Yes, it's a cheesy slasher movie full of classic baited jump scares, know-it-all self-aware movie buff teenagers and a bonkers killer motive. It's predictable but in a good way that is reminiscent of the original and doesn't spoil the enjoyment of the film. It's exactly what you want and expect from these movies and is without a doubt the best in the franchise since Scream 2 (if not the original).This film felt like it was made for my generation - the generation that watched these movies at sleepovers when we were 11. My mum, a horror film fanatic who had me watching horror movies from an early age, was 22 when the original Scream came out. Today I took my mum to see Scream (2022) also aged 22. It feels like the end of an era, and I hope they finally leave the Scream franchise alone after this perfect ending to a 25 year long run."
"1015" "Imperfect yet entertaining slasher movie. I thought they did a nice job of blending a talented young cast with the stars of the previous films and a story that got back to the series' roots."
"1016" "Finally, the long-awaited premiere... A series of films \"Scream\" is from my childhood, so I could not pass by.But they, who grew up on films about the events in their hometown, already know the logic of the killer and are trying to figure him out among their friends and acquaintances.Of the old characters - Sidney, Gale and Dewey.Of the pluses - I liked the atmosphere of the good old horror movie, the characters are not bad ..."
"1017" "Great movie phenomenal ending little long but drags in second act but overall the best Scream sequel rivals the original and exactly what I wanted from the movie."
"1018" "This movie is awful and just plain stinky. All the little \"teens\" who look 27 were like watching unplugged robots, especially the main character Melissa. There is no gravity or depth or appeal in any category of this film. It's written by people who lost the soul of the franchise and all the actors are so botoxxed and unconvincing. Neve Campbell is a goddess as always, so hot want to touch the hiney. The kill scenes are good but this movie will really piss you off if you are a fan of the originals, which I am! It's over people, we lost Scream forever sadly."
"1019" "This movie knows it is a joke on itself. Its so briliant and you should mock it doring the screening with friends and look for all the inner jokes and ninsense scenes in it. If youll keep seeing it looking for a thriler you will ve disapointed but if you will look it like a comady you will lough your ass off all the time like i did. I could berly breath somtimes from it.Think of it like \"the room\" but intantenly."
"1020" "Ofcourse we don\"t need more remakes :)) but why people hate new scream movie? I liked it soo bad <3 better then 2 3 4 ...good gory kills,,really really nice new characters..good story....somewone tell me which movie is better in last 4-5 year."
"1021" "The motive was a little wonky, but overall a good movie. I was very happy with how they delivered this movie since it's been so long. Pretty solid acting from all characters."
"1022" "As a true fan of cinema, I could not pass by such a continuation.\"Scream\" has always been something special, but this part came out, unfortunately, without the participation of screenwriter Craven ;( In the previous parts, the message of some lightness and, of course, self-irony was visible!This time, the new writers tried to play on our feelings, through nostalgia, with constant references to past parts. I was not particularly impressed, rather even a little upset. Expectations are not justified, therefore 5/10."
"1023" "That was s.th good related to old version It remines me Jason series and it could be so much much better in next one on 2024 maybe.And it was unbelieveable at the end but could be better."
"1024" "Its really a amazing movie and the story of it really impressive. And so cool and unexpected when they found the ghost and I count believe it I love it so much awesome."
"1025" "What a great slasher franchise that still delivers !!! As good as the Original... just Wow ... well written , well acted and full of stylistic slasher fun ..."
"1026" "Not a masterpiece but a nice movie to chill one night while watching with your friends. Ok, script also was a bit unexpected (couldnt tell who the killer was) so it kept the interest alive."
"1027" "The movie was surprisingly solid, other than other franchises such as the two latest Halloween movies which were more than horrendous, this movie actually kept me interested and rooting for them. It was not too corny but definitely a great tribute to the original.However one thing that did irk me was the main actress, frankly I was worried by the acting of the young new cast but they were actually pretty strong except the Main girl Samantha, she just kinda annoyed me most of the movie when she was supposed to be the strong heroine but that's my only real critic.Spoiler ahead:I knew since they brought back so many familiar faces that they were likely gonna kill atleast one of them off but it was still kind of an unworthy death, he literally made clear of the rules of the game and it just kinda felt like a throwaway moment to shock the old scream fans. Still shed a small tear not going to lie but still it felt like he deserved a more dramatic exit than this."
"1028" "From the writing to the acting this new addition to the series is just what it needed to add life back into the franchise. The new cast along with the old cast go well together. It never feels forced, the plot flows naturally. The kills are Fun, the characters are great to watch, the mystery is entertaining to try to unravel. Yet, It's not without its flaws. In the third act when the villains are unmasked it begins to feel derivative. Instead of tying everything up, things feel a little undercooked or rushed."
"1029" "I understand some criticism + the killers were an easy guess but all in all the movie was absolutely nerve wrecking! The Legacy characters were a lot of fun + the acting was top notch, as always.The new cast was also quite entertaining, quite happy with the survivors.Ghostface hasn't been this brutal in a long time!"
"1030" "I though that the movie was great. Not to say that it was perfect and there wasn't any flaws but it's easily one of the best entries on the entire franchise."
"1031" "Scream 5 is it better than the previous film's? Yes, I say that lightly because I do have a few issues with this film, but while I would say that the first Scream movie was the best, I did feel like the franchise was being milked through Scream 2 up until Scream 4 basically because the film was more focus on legacy characters and the Movies became so predictable that it just took away the suspense of the films.That said Scream 5 actually feels different as it's not really focused on the legacy characters while they are in the film, it's more focused on new teen characters, that are now faced with a life-threatening serial killer called Ghost-face, that legacy character Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) did in earlier films.David Arquette returning as a legacy character officer Dewey Riley, who really stood out in this film as a retired cop suffering from previous injuries, but still had this piss-off badass attuide that he not gonna take this anymore style to his character this time as he helps them track down the killer.Melissa Barrera did a great job as the leading role which is a pretty big shoe to fill from Neve Cambell, but she really holds her own in this film, while some scenes her acting does feel like couch casting at times, but with what she was given she does a good job with her character.Like the film as a whole, there are a few controversial moments that mention toxic fandoms, but it explains in a way that it is not fair to call people toxic fans when all they are doing to defend their fandom from being destroyed, which in IGN review took this the opposite way and got political with it, which is why ign should stop doing film review and focus on games.If you're someone like me you're watching for characters behavior in the film, within I would say 10 to 15 minutes of the film, it gives a hint that a character inst who they are claiming to be which is a little predictable, while the film does a clever job at hiding who the other one is, it does give away who they are towards the end of the second act, I feel if the writing was a little better you could have hidden these two quite well.Apart from this film is actually good while there are some horror tropes which door be open, the way they shoot been done to give the audience that suspense factor o is the killer gonna behind the door type of moments which is great but it like the film is being self-aware of itself. The way the killing is done this time is extremely brutal which fans of slasher movies will love.But would I recommend this film to audiences to watch, Absolute has this film doesn't feel milked like the others, it brings in a new generation which gives this movie its own standalone film, while still respecting Legacy characters from the previous film."
"1032" "The New Scream is really a big improvement of Scream 4 and Scream 3 with much more entertaining. Almost From the start you can understand that we have a film that takes some risks and offers many clever moments, and this isn't something easy for long time movie series, and for that reason we can see cleary a pretty good job. Of course isn't as good as the original film but it's still the second best movie of the series and I'm happy for this."
"1033" "I love every minute of it, it had its flaws but not as bad as the third film and fourth film. It was definitely as good as the first and the second film. I enjoyed almost all the characters, they didn't make it overly goofy like did with 3 and 4. They had the right amount of horror and comedy. The tone of the film was dark and fun. I feel a lot of people that trash this movie only are upset that the main three out the main focus but people need to get over that because Sidney, Gale, and Dewey can't keep being the main focus they are too old. I thought what they did with the main characters was the right choice. And I can't wait to see what they have in store for us in the sequel!!"
"1034" "I thought this was a remake of the original scream movie and it made me look like an idiot in front of a girl. Would rate 0/10 if possible. I'll watch it when it comes onto one of the steaming services but at the moment you need to rent if for $7 I'm told. Plus I'll probably need someone to hold my hand."
"1035" "The film follows the basic formula of Panic, but it goes well, there is no way to know who the murderer is because the film knows how to put everyone as a suspect. The film is full of metalanguages, references and even some well-hidden Ester eggs. The acting is not wonderful, but it is understandable, acceptable and you can buy the idea that the film provides. The script knows how to impress well and put the viewer in the character's shoes, apart from some things that are not yet so believable and others that any thinking being knows would be impossible to happen. The direction knows how to stick the viewer to the screen and make the atmosphere tense when necessary and funny when necessary, apart from some well-extended scenes that get tired at times and some unusual physics errors. The gore is still bigger than the other films and the makeup is in the same business as the acting: acceptable. The soundtrack is very generic, sometimes used correctly and the direction saves everything. I particularly consider it the best Revival Slasher in recent years and place it as the 2nd best film in the Panic franchise.Final grade: 8.0."
"1036" "A series of films 'Scream' can be considered the standard of the Slasher genre. It's a mix of using and at times mocking horror clichÃ©s with sudden twists and turns and a classic example of 'Final Girl'. Of course, after the controversial Fourth Part (I personally liked it), there was little hope for a continuation, and even more so, a normal continuation of hope. However, the continuation happened.And it's excellent.What you can praise the creators for is that they did not completely come up with new techniques. What for? Scream is not the case when you can experiment. The scheme is simple and working for this franchise: here again we have a group of teenagers who know all the rules of films."
"1037" "Wes would be so proud!Scream 2022 is everything you want a scream movie to be. It's meta, scary and funny but also it's also a very brutal, bloody and fresh addition the franchise! This is the most brutal Ghostface yet and the OG cast and the new blood blend so well together! Best sequel of the franchise (maybe tied with Scream 2) absolutely loved it! Great performances all round as well from the new cast.Radio Silence are true fans and it shows! They have really knocked it out of the park and I cannot wait for a sequel! (hopefully)They have made way for a new era for Scream and I'm here for it! Perfect passing of the torch movie."
"1038" "Wes Craven would be proud of the fifth installment of the \"Scream\" franchise. By far the most violent and brutal version of Ghostface, viewers will be on the edge of their seats the entire time, with shocking deaths and injuries to the original characters. You are left guessing who the killer(s) is, with hints pointing to nearly every character. Everyone is a suspect in this film, with no character being safe, including the original cast. Overall, it is a fun, yet shocking and gory film that perfectly pays homage to the original, while still offering a new take with new and likeable characters. Wes Craven would definitely approve!"
"1039" "Great twists and turns in a horror seeking thriller and easily the best movie of the last few years! The film was really unexpected in its entirety and watching it near enough when it came out adds the the whole thing about it. Couldn't of asked for anything else when I went into the cinema and would've gave it about 15/10 if I could've it was that good! ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘"
"1040" "I enjoy bad, cheesy movies. This one goes far beyond that. I knew who the killers will right away. And it doesn't make sense as one of them is super short so...wtf?"
"1041" "I just saw this today on its release day as I'm a huge Scream fan and even though 3 & 4 aren't great I still love them and wanted to see how they could do this new one. It did not disappoint. It had everything I wanted - nostalgia, old characters, fab new characters, lots of jumps, suspense, blood and gore, and even such sad parts that I had to hold the tears back! I loved it. I didn't want it to end and was kind of disappointed afterwards that it was over and I wouldn't get to see it for the first time again. It was amazing and I urge everyone to see it! Such a fantastic legacy and way to revive the original without ruining it. Absolutely brilliant - a solid 10 star review from me!"
"1042" "Jam packed with easter eggs and throwbacks.Considering it is 25 years and 4 films since the original, it does the original justice.Wes Craven would be proud!"
"1043" "I wouldn't say that this had the same feeling the first four had, but it's definitely a step in the right direction. Looking forward to how the new people behind these films will handle another one."
"1044" "While I was watching this movie, I had to check IMDB to see if this movie was a comedy, because that's what it felt like. This is not scary at all or a thriller non the less. Some guy just randomly pops out with his knife, stabs the victim and leaves. I will admit I did not watch this till the end because that's how boring this was."
"1045" "Compared to the other rebuts of other horrors that have been absolutely awful, if you grew up with Mike Jason and the like you'll know but this is pretty well Done. They bring in the old characters and although you may not be happy with the outcome it does still keep you guessing, and ontop of that it passes the torch on to the next due in the franchise."
"1046" "I was in awe throughout. If you are an old school fan of the original you will love this. They managed to out-meta themselves. If you are on the fence just watch it."
"1047" "This movie is exactly what a horror movie should be. There were times this 30 year old man laughed and screamed. I have hated horror movies since 2005 with the boring spiritual or social commentary that takes away from the scares. This hits all the notes of a classic slasher with a realistic feel of how people would react if people were being murdered around them. This is my first ever review and I can't wait to watch this again tomorrow."
"1048" "This movie had me on the Corner of my seat....it was mind blowing with a twist on it omg!!! There was not a single part of the movie that I didn't gasp my stomach was on a knot every time i felt like i was there with them ... but there was a sad scene that i cry too ..."
"1049" "I know it's common in horror movies but man, middle of the day in a hospital and nobody is there?!?!? Nobody hears nothing?!?!no patients, no doctors, no nurses, nobody?!?!? Shots are fired and nobody hears? I know it's a movie but still, come on...Arghhhh this movie made me angry."
"1050" "Everyone was waiting for the cool return of the masked maniac, and it happened! The new director has conveyed all the fear and horror from past episodes! Watched in one breath! For fans of this cult horror movie, I will say one thing - go to the cinema and watch it on the big screen!!! The return of the beloved maniac was at the highest level! To all those who worked on the film, thank you very much! It was super! Fans filmed for fans!"
"1051" "This movie is the brutal of All its a New scary Ghostface.Its a New idea that die Regisseur Has to become a scary Hard Ghostface bud for scream 6 i want that the movie is Fsk 18."
"1052" "Sticks to the original key plots enough that it is such a noataligc watch but has enough twists that it isnt boring. There was also a few easter eggs to link back to the previous films which i loved. There was definitely a couple of cheesy lines and some of the deaths did seem to happen in a really fast sequence but honestly this was definitely on par or just under the original. Bringing back OG cast members but not having it focus solely on them was really refreshing too. It was so so good, i cant wait to see it again."
"1053" "I usually don't comment on movies but this was by far the waste of my time the should have been left alone on scream 1 stop .. yeah I got nothing but no no no."
"1054" "This is one of the better sequels and mostly good. I think what bogs it down a bit is the fact that they reuse way to many scenes/moments from previous films and make some characters make completely illogical decisions."
"1055" "Re-telling, boring, money making trash. Legacy characters are flat as a pancake, no spark at all. Each sequel is a rehash of the original, always ends with the same kind of dialogue, this one turns it up 200% on the annoying factor with one liner innuendos from the legacy characters. To be honest Campbell looks like she hates being in this film, as if ghost face kidnapped her & forced to film, no wonder she refused the next terrible sequel. Scream? More like YAWN."
"1056" "For fun and profit I'll divide my review into three parts, appropriately named after the three steps of a good stabbing. I also strive to avoid spoilers, but there might be a hint or two, but no more than 0.2 on the Tom Holland-scale.Part the First: \"The Thrust\" The original Scream way back in 1996 was both a meta-commentary and a love letter to the slasher movie genre as a whole. All the tropes (\"don't go alone\", \"they always come back\" and such) were not only embraced, but blatantly pointed out to the audience as if saying \"we know it's stupid, just trust us\".As a viewer you are dropped right into the fray, much like the classic movies of the millennial era (Scream, The Ring, Fight Club and so on). In my opinion the first act is really quite strong. Events generally unfold in the expected direction, but usually with enough variation to maintain your attention. For someone as wracked with toxic genre-savvy as myself, that was quite refreshing to be honest. Naturally some characters will do blatantly stupid things, but at least they're self-aware. I'm still on the fence whether that is actually a redeeming quality or not.As a whole, Scream 2022 is well made. The compositions and soundscape are competent, the writing doesn't stink and the acting runs the scale from \"well enough\" to \"POG\". The young actors pull their weight, but some of the veteran cast is a bit bland. A special shout-out to David Arquette and his low-key performance of Dewey that carried much of the first and second act.Part the Second: \"The Twist\" As we've seen before, a step-by-step do-over doesn't fly with the audience, so naturally there are elements of keeping with the times and screwing with the audience. Subversion of expectations is nothing new - in fact, the original relied heavily upon it, so it seems somewhat natural that Scream 2022 would utilize it as well. There is a line between \"gotcha-moment\" and \"fake-out\" however, and that line is called \"repetition\". There are a few examples where they drag it out above and beyond the call of duty, but not to and extent where it ruins the film.The level of meta-awareness is unfortunately inconsistent. The writing flows well enough to pass for \"human speech\", but portrayal of Gen-Z is more complex than being snarky and over-analyzing things without any sense of self-preservation. It's a lazy stereotype, much in the way punks and hippies were portrayed in the 80's and 90's.Naturally there are some inconsistancies that don't add up, but as these mostly happen off-screen there may be re-shoots involved. I mean, you technically *could* survive 27 deep stab wounds to the lower abdomen and being left to bleed out for 30 minutes, but those chances are quite slim unless a focus group likes you. Overall I think the third act was the weakest part, but still enoyable enough.Part the Thirth: \"The Repetition\" In much the same way as other \"re-quels\" (basically a soft reboot with ties to the original) they try to use nostalgia to lure the audience. In that sense they straddle the line between \"fan-service\" and \"milking it\". A respectable effort has been made to tie this movie to the originals, but at some points it is quite blunt. Fortunately they leave the heavy lifting to the younger cast and let the veterans add some spice. Once again - David Arquette deserves a cookie.Wrap it up old man: To sum it up, Scream 2022 is not actually a slasher-movie, but rather a meta-analytical love-letter to the slasher-genre as a whole...but with lots of blood and stabby parts of course. As a self-contained thing it works well enough and if you are old enough to appreciate the connection to the original it works well enough, but with a cool VHS-filter.I give Scream 2022 7/10 sutures."
"1057" "First off all, it's the best of the franchise. Brutal stabs, smart kills, good atmosphere and darker scenes. There's a connection in this movie from the start to the end. And no comedy scenes !"
"1058" "I really don't know how much better it could of been for a sequel. I honestly can't think of anything they could of done better. Excellent story, shocks and surprises and some of the best kills in the whole franchise. I was skeptical how it would be without Wes but this was executed perfectly and Wes would of been proud, no doubt. The directors are the best in the genre right now in my opinion and their last movie Ready or Not was also awesome. Highly recommend 10/10.The horror movie to beat in 2022."
"1059" "If you are as old as me and saw the original Scream in cinema and love the series of films, you will LOVE this. Best film outside the original, and would even go to say just as good. Lots of hints and dialogue to the 1st film but this worked in its favour. Going to see it again tomorrow to see if I missed anything. Great film. ðŸ‘"
"1060" "Not sure why he was chosen (even though it's a super brief cameo), would have preferred it to be anyone else other than him. Great setup moving forward, just please don't include James again."
"1061" "Luckily by now Wes Craven has already been eaten by worms so he doesn't have to watch this bs.The worst 2 hours of my life and I once waited for 2 hours for a doctor to come from their lunch break to pop my dislocated knee back in its place. That was much more pleasant than any of this.Some people literally eat food from garbage cans and others waste money on creating something this awful. This is an insult to its genre. Anyway, I gave it 4 stars because I laughed a lot, not sure if that was the goal. I still refuse to believe this was anything else but a slasher parody."
"1062" "Scream is still the king of the new wave slashers . Has the qualities of the ones directed by Wes Craven. The new cast is great and the OG totally badass. One of the more violent Scream to day. If you are a fan you be proud of this new take in the series."
"1063" "The movie is not scary at all. The scenes are totally illogical. You will think how can this happen? After watching one third of the movie, you will think again that should I continue watching it. And the main reason for killings exposed at last are bogus. Makes no sense."
"1064" "Scream is a great movie, the completely old actors gave impressive acting abilities and even the new actors were good. The plot is better and self-aware that it's sometimes good for a movie and sometimes not. In summary Scream is the best movie in this series and it's surprising8.5/10."
"1065" "Panico 5 Ã© um filme maravilhoso.Esse filme Ã© inovador em vÃ¡rios aspectos de um filme de terror/suspense,com um roteiro bom,e em geral o filme todo Ã© bom mas em certas cenas um personagem leva vÃ¡rias facadas e continua vivo?Isso Ã© meio falso mas de resto o filme Ã© maravilhoso."
"1066" "Not sure how it was going to be.don't be fooled.......It was better then I thought it'd be!Worth watching for sure.Make some popcorn for while you're watching it.See what you think.!!......"
"1067" "Great film and awesome story line. ðŸ‘ it's great how they left it 11 years between scream 4 and the new one. Definitely more action in it and good twists. I'm pretty sure they'll be another one."
"1068" "Scream 2022, which will always just be Scream 5, is a fast paced slasher that any fan of the genre could asked for.Whilst pacing is a little issue, everything happens very quickly. There are many scenes that could have been fleshed out more and given more context and meaning.The tension and scares are all great and the gore is defiantly amped up which will please some of the gore horror movie fans.Scream 2022 really pushes into the 'everyone is a suspect' which is very obvious and meta. However, I think it was over used and took away from developing some characters who weren't that killer/s. I would have liked to get to know these characters more, especially if we're going to have a sequel with these new generation of scream legacy characters.The legacy characters are great, as always, I would have liked to have seen more of them in action, but I understand this is about passing the torch onto a new 'final girl'.Great acting across the board, some very interesting and amazing camera work, but also some sloppy scenes that looked like they were apart of a different film, the angles and colour grade just did not fit the rest of the film.Overall, it's hard to complain a lot as this film ultimately gives you what you want. A great game of 'Who done it?\" and creative murders with comedic references to other films of the same genre."
"1069" "Movie started off great from the beginning and towards the middle but started getting a little boring. What made it boring was the actors, who sorry not sorry don't know how to act.. I'll give it to my guy Jack Quaid though ! Overall check it out if you're a fan for sure but don't get your hopes up !"
"1070" "I never write reviews on here so that says a lot. But oh man this movie blew me away. As a long time fan of this franchise (it's what got me into horror movies in the first place) I was skeptical when they announced the fifth movie thinking 'how many times can they pull this off successfully?' Boy was I wrong! I got the same feeling I had while watching the first movie when I was 14. It brought back everything that worked for the first one and made it better. I kept gasping and losing my mind while watching because of how far they were willing to raise the stakes and not let the fans down. Truly a remarkable thing to pull off. Go watch this, you won't be disappointed!"
"1071" "So far, the best film is the heir to the cult predecessors, which combines piety for the original and fresh notes; postmodern irony gushes from every corner along with an abundance of blood splashes."
"1072" "It is worth noting that Wes Craven really became famous and firmly established himself in the status of a horror director only thanks to his two franchises. Of course, we are talking about such tapes as \"A Nightmare on Elm Street\" and \"Scream\". Of course, Craven had other horror films, in particular, The Hills Have Eyes, Werewolves, etc., which are quite famous within the genre, but nothing more. Scream and A Nightmare on Elm Street became cult, everyone knows about the existence of such films, plus these horror films significantly influenced horror, which only emphasizes their sharpness and uniqueness."
"1073" "Scream was my first favorite slasher film. The graphics are amazing and plot is a great tribute to the first. This movie was very well done and made me happy. It was great seeing the originals come back!"
"1074" "Cool movie, I've been waiting for a long time and was not disappointed! Everything is like in the classic \" Scream\". This series of films in itself is a joke on standard slasher horror, so I definitely give it a rating of 9, nostalgia, what can I do). True, there were some bad moments, but for a new director, this is a really cool movie!"
"1075" "The most emotional horror movie in the history of cinema. I can watch Scream endlessly and it never gets boring.Of course, this is no ordinary slasher. Maestro Craven, a man with a subtle sense of humor, sneers at other horror films throughout the film without slipping into a parody. If you are a connoisseur of horror films, then, of course, you will understand what we are talking about.But even if you are not familiar with such masterpieces as \"Halloween\", \"Friday the 13th\" and \"The Exorcist\", you will still get guaranteed pleasure from the film. After all, \"The Scream\" is quite self-sufficient, and ridiculing clichÃ©s in it is not the main thing."
"1076" "I want to share my opinion on the movie \"Scream\". The plot is pretty primitive. Young Tara is alone at home. She minds her own business and doesn't bother anyone. And then the phone rings. At the other end of the line is a stranger. Looks like one of Mom's new friends. Or maybe not quite. So this new \"Scream\" begins with a phone call.Most horror movies start like this. The scream of 2022 brings us back to a small town in the state of California, where a series of bloody murders took place 25 years ago. And everything will repeat itself like of old - we plunge into the past, and a maniac is walking around the streets again. Will the city cope with another threat? Will there be casualties? The film will tell."
"1077" "\"The fifth \"Scream\" did not turn out to be as perfect as it was presented in its reviews by critics - there is criminally little of the title three, the masked killer has finally ceased to frighten at least some, and biology is now not only antagonists, but all the heroes refuse to obey the laws of the universe. Nevertheless, a good presentation of the story, references to the original film, competent banter over restarts and remakes and excellent cast do not allow the film to slide into the trash of the third part. This is still a \"Scream\" - and not a faceless something that decided to make money on the fans of the original, for which the franchise thanks\""
"1078" "I hope this isn't to much of a controversial opinion, but I think this could be the strongest film in the franchise. With no behind the scenes drama and/or constant re-writes, the Films's message is clear and executed very well."
"1079" "Some of the acting wasn't as good as I was expecting and a lot of the plot armour got really annoying for me, but the movie kept me literally at the edge of my seat, I found found the finial act to be fantastic. Scream didn't feel like a cash grab but something actually taken care into."
"1080" "This movie in my option is better than all the other scream films. The story line, the cast, the scenes are spot on. This is just a really good horror movie. Definitely recommend it."
"1081" "Did not get blown away by this one but was kinda expecting it to be worse too. So I'd say it feels very middle ground right now but could age well later in the future as Scream 4 has."
"1082" "The Directors of the brilliantly brutal Ready or Not wrote and directed a new addition to one of the greatest slasher series of all time. From the kills to the meta humor. It just doesn't get better for a reboot/sequel. It put such an intensity on scream we have never seen before. Even in the first one. It makes ghost face scary in such a way that you feel for the actors as they fear him like they haven't since scream 2. With the kills so intense its more on par with Halloween Kills and Scream 1. Notice I said intense. Not just Brutal. I admit I didn't know where this one would go. But I am highly impressed and next to emotional as ghost face fan. I can watch this over and over along with the rest. So many movies miss the mark with remaking classics but here we see to film makers really up for the challenge. I am proud of this series for never repeating the mistake that was scream 3 (Cool movie, bad scream film). But this. THIS IS A SCREAM MOVIE! My list goes 12543 this snuggles itself right there in the middle."
"1083" "I have seen all of the movies in the franchise and I just wanna know after all of that and all of the years that have taken passed, why is it that Dewey still is a horrible shot? I mean isn't that part of police requirements?"
"1084" "Scream. Interesting Actions. Fantastic. HORROR. That's what called horror, crime, deaths, stabs. Not like other ones - just screaming, spooky and scary things. Scream 5, perfect like other ones buy not good like first Scream. That's why I'm rating it 9/10."
"1085" "The first two films are absolute classics, it really is a shame that none of the sequels so far have been able to match it. I would place those as my top 2, part 4 in third place then 3 and 5 last. Though 5 would go a little higher since part 3 can really drag at times and part 5 is way too short for that."
"1086" "This film may have done some things right and captured the mood of the previous film from time to time but it's still not as strong and not successful at what it's trying to do more of often than it is successful."
"1087" "I enjoyed myself watching, though, I was hoping they might swerve us and mix things up a little bit with the ending. It was just a little too predictable for me."
"1088" "Though it appears like no sequel in this franchise will ever reach the heights of the first movie, this is still an enjoyable ride that is more entertaining than the previous two entries."
"1089" "Scream (2022)has delivered what fans have anticipated by bringing in elements of nostalgia and also incorporating a new take on it. You have to remember that we are in a different decade, which will seek the attention of new fans of this age of generational alpha. Having said that, fans from the beginning of the franchise are not left out and will appreciate the spin and twists. SCREAM has been by far the best of the Sequels. True fans will also noticed small little details from all of the other sequels that is incorporated within this film. Though, this may not be what Wes wanted for the fifth film, Wes would be content with Scream (2022). RIP WES."
"1090" "Fun to watch, keeps your interest, very good actors but also very predictable with a cliche ending. Horror movies nowadays should try to be bolder since most things have already been done before."
"1091" "Hard to hype up compared to original. Kill scenes were cool just a little too predictable. Still enjoyed though just not a multiple watch movie imo. Wasn't my favorite but wasn't my least favorite."
"1092" "Why every new movie is just trying so hard to have gays and go for feminism why you can't just do a great movies without thinking about politics anymore."
"1093" "Not the biggest fan of Scream saga here but this was top-tier!!!!!Do a quick rewatch then definitely go see this in theaters . The scare factor was lacking as usual with the scream series but It is rare to find an horror film that can achieve making you laugh , cry and feel for the characters as much as this one managed to do ."
"1094" "Really average, expected so much more. Some things need to be left alone. Good to see the classic characters, but the storyline became too predictable. Shame as I expected so much more."
"1095" "If you were the fan of the previous movies, then you will enjoy this one as well. The only problem that I had was with the acress that played the main character. She was weaker compared to the rest of the cast, and I felt that Jenna Ortega should have been the main lead."
"1096" "As a huge fan of Scream, the original film and the franchise in general, the jury is out as to whether Scream 5 is better than Scream 2. However, I thank the makers for giving us a deserving \"requel\". Took me back 25 years to when I bought the original film on VHS from Blockbuster, and watched it daily for weeks, lip-syncing along to every line of dialogue."
